 Mrs. Dursley, of number four, Privet Drive, were proud to say that they we
 the director of a firm called Grunnings, which made drills. He was a bi
, spying on the neighbors. The Dursleys had a small son called Dudley 
ursleys had a small son called Dudley and in their opinion there was
the neighbors would say if the Potters arrived in the street. The Dur
sley woke up on the dull, gray Tuesday our story starts, there was no
 I heard —” “— yes, their son, Harry —” Mr. Dursley stopped dead. F
ere were lots of people called Potter who had a son called Harry. Co
d upset me today! Rejoice, for You-Know-Who has gone at last! Even Muggles
now-Who has gone at last! Even Muggles like yourself should be celebr
o thought he had been called a Muggle, whatever that was. He was ratt
t mysterious. And now, over to Jim McGuffin with the weather. Going to be 
today. Viewers as far apart as Kent, Yorkshire, and Dundee have been phoning i
 apart as Kent, Yorkshire, and Dundee have been phoning in to tell m
s people have been celebrating Bonfire Night early — it’s not until next we
ed his throat nervously. “Er — Petunia, dear — you haven’t heard from 
linkingly on the far corner of Privet Drive. It didn’t so much as qu
ast twice. This man’s name was Albus Dumbledore. Albus Dumbledore d
me was Albus Dumbledore. Albus Dumbledore didn’t seem to realize that he
s. Twelve times he clicked the Put-Outer, until the only lights left on 
to it. “Fancy seeing you here, Professor McGonagall.” He turned to smil
ies on my way here.” Professor McGonagall sniffed angrily. “Oh yes, ever
ething. Shooting stars down in Kent — I’ll bet that was Dedalus Di
wn in Kent — I’ll bet that was Dedalus Diggle. He never had much sens
en years.” “I know that,” said Professor McGonagall irritably. “But that’s no reas
y one You-Know- oh, all right, Voldemort, was frightened of.” “You flatt
 haven’t blushed so much since Madam Pomfrey told me she liked my new earmu
the Potters. The rumor is that Lily and James Potter are — are — t
rs. The rumor is that Lily and James Potter are — are — that they’re — dea
r McGonagall gasped. “Lily and James … I can’t believe it … I didn’
ing that when he couldn’t kill Harry Potter, Voldemort’s power somehow brok
urprised if today was known as Harry Potter Day in the future — there will be 
You think it — wise — to trust Hagrid with something as important as
hat motorcycle?” “Borrowed it, Professor Dumbledore, sir,” said the giant, climbing
motorcycle as he spoke. “Young Sirius Black lent it to me. I’ve got him, s
e that is a perfect map of the London Underground. Well — give him h
 Potter — the boy who lived!”  Nearly ten years had passed since the
ifferent-colored bonnets — but Dudley Dursley was no longer a baby, and now 
 moment, but not for long. His Aunt Petunia was awake and it was her shril
es held together with a lot of Scotch tape because of all the times 
 life with the Dursleys. Uncle Vernon entered the kitchen as Harry w
g greeting. About once a week, Uncle Vernon looked over the top of his new
ther. Dudley looked a lot like Uncle Vernon. He had a large pink fa
 “Darling, you haven’t counted Auntie Marge’s present, see, it’s her
s here under this big one from Mommy and Daddy.” “All right, thirty
 “Thirty-nine, sweetums,” said Aunt Petunia. “Oh.” Dudley sat down
 year before he had to look at Tibbies, Snowy, Mr. Paws, and Tufty again. “We
 Tibbies, Snowy, Mr. Paws, and Tufty again. “We could phone Marge,”
him anything he wanted. “Dinky Duddydums, don’t cry, Mummy won’t let him
. “Dinky Duddydums, don’t cry, Mummy won’t let him spoil your speci
 the doorbell rang — “Oh, good Lord, they’re here!” said Aunt Petun
t later, Dudley’s best friend, Piers Polkiss, walked in with his mother. Pie
back of the Dursleys’ car with Piers and Dudley, on the way to the 
ous ideas. It was a very sunny Saturday and the zoo was crowded with f
glass. Harry peered at it. Boa Constrictor, Brazil. “Was it nice there?” T
 disagree with Dudley’s gang.  The escape of the Brazilian boa co
ley’s gang.  The escape of the Brazilian boa constrictor earned Harry h
house every single day. Piers, Dennis, Malcolm, and Gordon were all big and st
y. Piers, Dennis, Malcolm, and Gordon were all big and stupid, but a
d see a tiny ray of hope. When September came he would be going off to 
ivate school, Smeltings. Piers Polkiss was going there too. Harry, on
n the other hand, was going to Stonewall High, the local public school. Dudle
out what he’d said. One day in July, Aunt Petunia took Dudley to London to buy h
ok Dudley to London to buy his Smeltings uniform, leaving Harry at Mrs.
he couldn’t believe it was her Ickle Dudleykins, he looked so handsome and grow
as usual and Dudley banged his Smelting stick, which he carried everyw
ard from Uncle Vernon’s sister Marge, who was vacationing on the Isl
ge, who was vacationing on the Isle of Wight, a brown envelope tha
was vacationing on the Isle of Wight, a brown envelope that looked l
d be no mistake: Mr. H. Potter The Cupboard under the Stairs 4 Privet Driv
 Potter The Cupboard under the Stairs 4 Privet Drive Little Whinging
he Cupboard under the Stairs 4 Privet Drive Little Whinging Surrey The envelope was thick and heavy, 
s another one! ‘Mr. H. Potter, The Smallest Bedroom, 4 Privet Drive —’ ” With a str
tunia had just brought him. On Friday, no less than twelve letters ar
ould go out. He hummed “Tiptoe Through the Tulips” as he worked, and 
d Harry in amazement. * * * On Sunday morning, Uncle Vernon sat down
een ink address: Mr. H. Potter Room 17 Railview Hotel Cokeworth Ha
address: Mr. H. Potter Room 17 Railview Hotel Cokeworth Harry made a grab for the letter but
day,” he told his mother. “The Great Humberto’s on tonight. I want 
 Harry of something. If it was Monday — and you could usually count 
g and entering!” “Ah, shut up, Dursley, yeh great prune,” said the gia
ge, sticky chocolate cake with Happy Birthday Harry written on it in green icing. 
en’t introduced meself. Rubeus Hagrid, Keeper of Keys and Grounds at Hogwart
self. Rubeus Hagrid, Keeper of Keys and Grounds at Hogwarts.” He h
eus Hagrid, Keeper of Keys and Grounds at Hogwarts.” He held out an e
does. An’ like I told yeh, I’m Keeper of Keys at Hogwarts — yeh’ll k
old yeh, I’m Keeper of Keys at Hogwarts — yeh’ll know all about Hogwar
y anything!” A braver man than Vernon Dursley would have quailed under the f
merald green to Mr. H. Potter, The Floor, Hut-on-the-Rock, The Sea. He pulled out the letter 
Headmaster: ALBUS DUMBLEDORE ( Order of Merlin, First Class, Grand 
r: ALBUS DUMBLEDORE ( Order of Merlin, First Class, Grand Sorc., Chf. Warlock, Supreme M
ss, Grand Sorc., Chf. Warlock, Supreme Mugwump, International Confed. of Wizards) Dear Mr. P
ernational Confed. of Wizards) Dear Mr. Potter, We are pleased to 
. of Wizards) Dear Mr. Potter, We are pleased to inform you that
that you have been accepted at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Pl
accepted at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find encl
wait your owl by no later than July 31. Yours sincerely, Minerva M
than July 31. Yours sincerely, Minerva McGonagall, Deputy Headmistress Questions exploded inside Harry’s head l
they await my owl?” “Gallopin’ Gorgons, that reminds me,” said Hagrid,
y could read upside down: Dear Professor Dumbledore, Given Harry his letter. Taking him to buy 
 want anythin’ ter do with the Dark Side. “Maybe he thought he cou
e where you was all living, on Halloween ten years ago. You was just a 
s an’ wizards of the age — the McKinnons, the Bones, the Prewetts — an’ 
f the age — the McKinnons, the Bones, the Prewetts — an’ you was onl
 the McKinnons, the Bones, the Prewetts — an’ you was only a baby, an’
 matter o’ fact, I gotta visit Gringotts anyway Fer Dumbledore. Hogwart
I gotta visit Gringotts anyway Fer Dumbledore. Hogwarts business.
Hagrid read his newspaper, the Daily Prophet. Harry had learned fro
ions in his life. “Ministry o’ Magic messin’ things up as usual,” H
, turning the page. “There’s a Ministry of Magic?” Harry asked, before
d. “They wanted Dumbledore fer Minister, o’ course, but he’d never leav
d never leave Hogwarts, so old Cornelius Fudge got the job. Bungler if ever t
ITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRY UNIFORM First-year students will require: 1. Thre
oak (black, silver fastenings) Please note that all pupils’ clothes 
d carry name tags COURSE BOOKS All students should have a copy of
 of each of the following: The Standard Book of Spells (Grade 1) by Miranda
ollowing: The Standard Book of Spells (Grade 1) by Miranda Goshawk A
rd Book of Spells (Grade 1) by Miranda Goshawk A History of Magic by Bathilda
(Grade 1) by Miranda Goshawk A History of Magic by Bathilda Bagshot M
 Goshawk A History of Magic by Bathilda Bagshot Magical Theory by Adalbert Waffling A Beginne
ilda Bagshot Magical Theory by Adalbert Waffling A Beginners’ Guide to Transfig
Adalbert Waffling A Beginners’ Guide to Transfiguration by Emeric S
Waffling A Beginners’ Guide to Transfiguration by Emeric Switch One Thousand 
s’ Guide to Transfiguration by Emeric Switch One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi by Phyllida Spore Ma
One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi by Phyllida Spore Magical Draf
and Magical Herbs and Fungi by Phyllida Spore Magical Drafts and Potions by Arsenius Jigger
llida Spore Magical Drafts and Potions by Arsenius Jigger Fantastic B
 Magical Drafts and Potions by Arsenius Jigger Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them by Newt
us Jigger Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them by Newt Scamander
 Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them by Newt Scamander The Dark For
asts and Where to Find Them by Newt Scamander The Dark Forces: A Guide to Self-Protec
er The Dark Forces: A Guide to Self-Protection by Quentin Trimble OTHER EQUIP
 A Guide to Self-Protection by Quentin Trimble OTHER EQUIPMENT 1 wand 1 cauld
1 telescope 1 set brass scales Students may also bring an owl OR a cat
k in the ticket barrier on the Underground, and complained loudly that the
Hagrid, coming to a halt, “the Leaky Cauldron. It’s a famous place.
er as if they couldn’t see the Leaky Cauldron at all. In fact, Harry had the
, “The usual, Hagrid?” “Can’t, Tom, I’m on Hogwarts business,” sai
 in the Leaky Cauldron. “Doris Crockford, Mr. Potter, can’t believe I’m 
a shop.” “He remembers!” cried Dedalus Diggle, looking around at everyone. “D
 shook hands again and again — Doris Crockford kept coming back for more. A p
uirrell!” said Hagrid. “Harry, Professor Quirrell will be one of your teachers a
rofessor Quirrell?” “D-Defense Against the D-D-Dark Arts,” muttered P
rrell?” “D-Defense Against the D-D-Dark Arts,” muttered Professor Quir
hey say he met vampires in the Black Forest, and there was a nasty bit o’ t
t. “Welcome,” said Hagrid, “to Diagon Alley.” He grinned at Harry’s 
 the nearest shop. Cauldrons — All Sizes — Copper, Brass, Pewter, Silve
 shop. Cauldrons — All Sizes — Copper, Brass, Pewter, Silver — Self-Stirring — Collapsible,
opper, Brass, Pewter, Silver — Self-Stirring — Collapsible, said a sign han
wter, Silver — Self-Stirring — Collapsible, said a sign hanging over them.
ping. A plump woman outside an Apothecary was shaking her head as they p
saying, “Dragon liver, sixteen Sickles an ounce, they’re mad.” A low,
a dark shop with a sign saying Eeylops Owl Emporium — Tawny, Screech, Barn, Brown,
 saying Eeylops Owl Emporium — Tawny, Screech, Barn, Brown, and Snowy. Several boys of abo
eard one of them say, “the new Nimbus Two Thousand — fastest ever —” There were s
Enter, stranger, but take heed Of what awaits the sin of greed, 
 what awaits the sin of greed, For those who take, but do not ear
ose who take, but do not earn, Must pay most dearly in their turn.
treasure that was never yours, Thief, you have been warned, beware O
out his chest. “It’s about the You-Know-What in vault seven hundred and thi
pockets, he and Harry followed Griphook toward one of the doors leadin
“Seventeen silver Sickles to a Galleon and twenty-nine Knuts to a Sic
s to a Galleon and twenty-nine Knuts to a Sickle, it’s easy enough.
eon and twenty-nine Knuts to a Sickle, it’s easy enough. Right, that 
e didn’t have to know how many Galleons there were to a pound to know 
,” said Hagrid, nodding toward Madam Malkin’s Robes for All Occasio
 nodding toward Madam Malkin’s Robes for All Occasions. “Listen, Ha
 alone, feeling nervous. Madam Malkin was a squat, smiling witch dre
nt on. “No,” said Harry. “Play Quidditch at all?” “No,” Harry said agai
th Quidditch could be. “I do — Father says it’s a crime if I’m not p
 I’m not picked to play for my House, and I must say, I agree. Know 
do they, but I know I’ll be in Slytherin, all our family have been — ima
y have been — imagine being in Hufflepuff, I think I’d leave, wouldn’t yo
But before Harry could answer, Madam Malkin said, “That’s you done, my dea
 school books in a shop called Flourish and Blotts where the shelves w
 in a shop called Flourish and Blotts where the shelves were stacked
st had to drag Harry away from Curses and Counter-curses ( Bewitch Y
rag Harry away from Curses and Counter-curses ( Bewitch Your Friends and Bef
om Curses and Counter-curses ( Bewitch Your Friends and Befuddle Your Enemies with
ses ( Bewitch Your Friends and Befuddle Your Enemies with the Latest Revenges: Hair
Befuddle Your Enemies with the Latest Revenges: Hair Loss, Jelly-Leg
with the Latest Revenges: Hair Loss, Jelly-Legs, Tongue-Tying and Much, Much More) by Profes
, Jelly-Legs, Tongue-Tying and Much, Much More) by Professor Vindictus V
-Tying and Much, Much More) by Professor Vindictus Viridian. “I was trying to fin
e basic potion ingredients for Harry, Harry himself examined silver unicor
ve Knuts a scoop). Outside the Apothecary, Hagrid checked Harry’s list again. “J
sents from them Dursleys. Just Ollivanders left now — only place fer wand
or read Ollivanders: Makers of Fine Wands since 382b.c. A single wand la
s he measured, he said, “Every Ollivander wand has a core of a powerful 
 you, Mr. Potter. … After all, He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named did great things — terrible, y
agrid made their way back down Diagon Alley, back through the wall, back th
Up another escalator, out into Paddington station; Harry only realized w
last. “All those people in the Leaky Cauldron, Professor Quirrell, Mr. Ollivander … but I don’t k
. “First o’ September — King’s Cross — it’s all on yer ticket. Any 
ny. He had decided to call her Hedwig, a name he had found in A Histo
 the first. On the last day of August he thought he’d better speak t
 go …” “You’re not old enough, Ginny, now be quiet. All right, Percy
inny, now be quiet. All right, Percy, you go first.” What looked lik
the plump woman said. “I’m not Fred, I’m George,” said the boy. “Ho
 you tell I’m George?” “Sorry, George, dear.” “Only joking, I am Fred
his eyes ready for the crash — It didn’t come … he kept on runni
h people. A sign overhead said Hogwarts Express, eleven o’clock. Harry looked b
rrier had been, with the words Platform Nine and Three-Quarters on it. He h
th the words Platform Nine and Three-Quarters on it. He had done it. Smoke f
I’ve lost my toad again.” “Oh, Neville, ” he heard the old woman sigh.
 small crowd. “Give us a look, Lee, go on.” The boy lifted the lid
riggled free. “Aaah, has ickle Ronnie got somefink on his nosie?” sa
fter Ron.” “Don’t worry, ickle Ronniekins is safe with us.” “Shut up,” s
safe with us.” “Shut up,” said Ron again. He was almost as tall a
is mother had rubbed it. “Hey, Mom, guess what? Guess who we just 
w loads of magic already.” The Weasleys were clearly one of those old 
 a lot to live up to. Bill and Charlie have already left — Bill was h
nd Charlie have already left — Bill was head boy and Charlie was c
 which was asleep. “His name’s Scabbers and he’s useless, he hardly ev
er he was ready to buy as many Mars Bars as he could carry — but the wo
ry — but the woman didn’t have Mars Bars. What she did have were B
s Bars. What she did have were Bertie Bott’s Every Flavor Beans, Dro
he did have were Bertie Bott’s Every Flavor Beans, Drooble’s Best Blowing Gum, Ch
 Every Flavor Beans, Drooble’s Best Blowing Gum, Chocolate Frogs, Pumpkin Pasties, Cauldron Cakes, Licorice Wands, and a number of other strange 
sked Ron, holding up a pack of Chocolate Frogs. “They’re not really fro
of course, you wouldn’t know — Chocolate Frogs have cards inside them, you kn
ive hundred, but I haven’t got Agrippa or Ptolemy.” Harry unwrapped h
 Ptolemy.” Harry unwrapped his Chocolate Frog and picked up the card. It sho
RRENTLY HEADMASTER OF HOGWARTS Considered by many the greatest wizard of
 his defeat of the Dark wizard Grindelwald in 1945, for the discovery of 
k on alchemy with his partner, Nicolas Flamel. Professor Dumbledore e
. “He’ll be back. No, I’ve got Morgana again and I’ve got about six o
 the frogs than looking at the Famous Witches and Wizards cards, but Harry c
king at the Famous Witches and Wizards cards, but Harry couldn’t keep
ly Dumbledore and Morgana, but Hengist of Woodcraft, Alberic Grunnion
re and Morgana, but Hengist of Woodcraft, Alberic Grunnion, Circe, Paracelsus, and Merlin. He finally tore hi
is eyes away from the druidess Cliodna, who was scratching her nose, t
to open a bag of Bertie Bott’s Every Flavor Beans. “You want to be careful
shine, daisies, butter mellow, Turn this stupid, fat rat yellow. ”
t hope it will be enough — I’m Hermione Granger, by the way, who are you?” She 
kground reading, and you’re in Modern Magical History and The Rise and Fall of the D
 in Modern Magical History and The Rise and Fall of the Dark Arts and 
gical History and The Rise and Fall of the Dark Arts and Great Wiz
y and The Rise and Fall of the Dark Arts and Great Wizarding Events of 
 and Fall of the Dark Arts and Great Wizarding Events of the Twentieth Century. ” “A
 Great Wizarding Events of the Twentieth Century. ” “Am I?” said Harry,
king around, and I hope I’m in Gryffindor, it sounds by far the best; I h
mself was in it, but I suppose Ravenclaw wouldn’t be too bad. … Anyway,
ettling on him again. “Mom and Dad were in it, too. I don’t know 
finished school. “Charlie’s in Romania studying dragons, and Bill’s i
tudying dragons, and Bill’s in Africa doing something for Gringotts,
ngotts? It’s been all over the Daily Prophet, but I don’t suppose you get th
 like bodyguards. “Oh, this is Crabbe and this is Goyle,” said the p
rry was looking. “And my names Malfoy, Draco Malfoy.” Ron gave a slight cou
e been hiding a snigger. Draco Malfoy looked at him. “Think my name’
an he felt, because Crabbe and Goyle were a lot bigger than him or 
before he’d so much as touched Goyle, Goyle let out a horrible yell. Scabb
 and down the corridors,” said Hermione in a sniffy voice. “And you’ve
ore you take your seats in the Great Hall, you will be sorted into your H
e sorted into your Houses. The Sorting is a very important ceremony b
r House common room. “The four Houses are called Gryffindor, Hufflep
m. “The four Houses are called Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw, and Slytherin. Each House has 
ever House becomes yours. “The Sorting Ceremony will take place in a few minut
im a second chance —” “My dear Friar, haven’t we given Peeves all th
y dear Friar, haven’t we given Peeves all the chances he deserves? H
ered. “New students!” said the Fat Friar, smiling around at them. “About
g around at them. “About to be Sorted, I suppose?” A few people nodde
 you may not think I’m pretty, But don’t judge on what you see, I
u can keep your bowlers black, Your top hats sleek and tall, For I
ts sleek and tall, For I’m the Hogwarts Sorting Hat And I can cap them all. There’s no
’s nothing hidden in your head The Sorting Hat can’t see, So try me on and I 
ead The Sorting Hat can’t see, So try me on and I will tell you 
ght to be. You might belong in Gryffindor, Where dwell the brave at heart, Thei
here dwell the brave at heart, Their daring, nerve, and chivalry Se
ir daring, nerve, and chivalry Set Gryffindors apart; You might belong in Huf
ors apart; You might belong in Hufflepuff, Where they are just and loyal, Those
Where they are just and loyal, Those patient Hufflepuffs are true A
 just and loyal, Those patient Hufflepuffs are true And unafraid of toil;
e patient Hufflepuffs are true And unafraid of toil; Or yet in wi
id of toil; Or yet in wise old Ravenclaw, If you’ve a ready mind, Where tho
ere those of wit and learning, Will always find their kind; Or per
ose cunning folk use any means To achieve their ends. So put me 
(though I have none) For I’m a Thinking Cap!” The whole hall burst int
e right cheered and clapped as Hannah went to sit down at the Huffle
F!” shouted the hat again, and Susan scuttled off to sit next to Ha
eft clapped this time; several Ravenclaws stood up to shake hands with T
s stood up to shake hands with Terry as he joined them. “Brocklehur
er get back on the train? When Neville Longbottom, the boy who kept losing his to
dges of the stool and thought, Not Slytherin, not Slytherin. “Not Slytherin,
e loudest cheer yet. Percy the Prefect got up and shook his hand vigo
his hand vigorously, while the Weasley twins yelled, “We got Potter! 
e-cold water. He could see the High Table properly now. At the end neare
o be sorted. “Thomas, Dean,” a Black boy even taller than Ron, join
ll done, Ron, excellent,” said Percy Weasley pompously across Harry as “Zab
led up her scroll and took the Sorting Hat away. Harry looked down at his
tatoes, roast potatoes, fries, Yorkshire pudding, peas, carrots, gravy,
nk I’ve introduced myself? Sir Nicholas de Mimsy-Porpington at your se
oduced myself? Sir Nicholas de Mimsy-Porpington at your service. Resident ghos
ers told me about you — you’re Nearly Headless Nick!” “I would prefer you to 
“I would prefer you to call me Sir Nicholas de Mimsy —” the ghost began st
you to call me Sir Nicholas de Mimsy —” the ghost began stiffly, bu
egan stiffly, but sandy-haired Seamus Finnigan interrupted. “Nearly Headless?
 stunned looks on their faces, Nearly Headless Nick flipped his head back onto his
ou’re going to help us win the House Championship this year? Gryffindors have ne
he cup six years in a row! The Bloody Baron’s becoming almost unbear
e get covered in blood?” asked Seamus with great interest. “I’ve nev
 I was all-Muggle for ages. My Great Uncle Algie kept trying to catch me off my
 — he pushed me off the end of Blackpool pier once, I nearly drowned — 
pened until I was eight. Great Uncle Algie came round for dinner, and he 
s window by the ankles when my Great Auntie Enid offered him a meringue and he 
 They were all really pleased, Gran was crying, she was so happy. 
rofessor Dumbledore. Professor Quirrell, in his absurd turban, was talk
rk Arts, Snape.” Harry watched Snape for a while, but Snape didn’t 
he school bellowed: “Hogwarts, Hogwarts, Hoggy Warty Hogwarts, Teach us something please, Whether w
ts, Teach us something please, Whether we be old and bald Or young wi
se, Whether we be old and bald Or young with scabby knees, Our h
ld Or young with scabby knees, Our heads could do with filling Wi
ur heads could do with filling With some interesting stuff, For no
 they’re bare and full of air, Dead flies and bits of fluff, So te
teach us things worth knowing, Bring back what we’ve forgot, Just d
 Bring back what we’ve forgot, Just do your best, we’ll do the res
ou were trying to open. Nearly Headless Nick was always happy to point new 
 was always happy to point new Gryffindors in the right direction, but Pe
ight direction, but Peeves the Poltergeist was worth two locked doors and
s possible, was the caretaker, Argus Filch. Harry and Ron managed t
 line, and she’d whisk off for Filch, who’d appear, wheezing, two se
through their telescopes every Wednesday at midnight and learn the name
ses behind the castle to study Herbology, with a dumpy little witch call
th a dumpy little witch called Professor Sprout, where they learned how to take
e taught by a ghost. Professor Binns had been very old indeed when 
 down names and dates, and got Emeric the Evil and Uric the Oddball 
 and dates, and got Emeric the Evil and Uric the Oddball mixed up.
s, and got Emeric the Evil and Uric the Oddball mixed up. Professo
t Emeric the Evil and Uric the Oddball mixed up. Professor Flitwick, 
he Oddball mixed up. Professor Flitwick, the Charms teacher, was a tiny
ed up. Professor Flitwick, the Charms teacher, was a tiny little wiz
ly been looking forward to was Defense Against the Dark Arts, but Quirrell’s 
m, had been given to him by an African prince as a thank-you for gett
lytherins,” said Ron. “Snape’s Head of Slytherin House. They say h
ofessor McGonagall was head of Gryffindor House, but it hadn’t stopped her from
orrowed Ron’s quill, scribbled Yes, please, see you later on the b
Harry had gotten the idea that Professor Snape disliked him. By the end of th
 they caught every word — like Professor McGonagall, Snape had the gift of keeping a clas
with raised eyebrows. Hermione Granger was on the edge of her seat an
r was. He tried not to look at Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle, who were shaking wi
 him to remember everything in One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi? Snape was still ign
so powerful it is known as the Draught of Living Death. A bezoar is a
 it is known as the Draught of Living Death. A bezoar is a stone tak
voice rang out, saying, “Back, Fang — back. ” Hagrid’s big, hairy 
started licking his ears. Like Hagrid, Fang was clearly not as fierce as h
het: GRINGOTTS BREAK-IN LATEST Investigations continue into the break-in at 
ey, but that was before he met Draco Malfoy. Still, first-year Gryf
dors only had Potions with the Slytherins, so they didn’t have to put up 
g lessons would be starting on Thursday — and Gryffindor and Slytherin
rst years never getting on the House Quidditch teams and told long, boastful 
lready had a big argument with Dean Thomas, who shared their dormitory, ab
 Ron prodding Dean’s poster of West Ham soccer team, trying to make th
n out of a library book called Quidditch Through the Ages. Neville was hanging 
 …” His face fell, because the Remembrall had suddenly glowed scarlet, “
ember what he’d forgotten when Draco Malfoy, who was passing the Gryffindor
t three-thirty that afternoon, Harry, Ron, and the other Gryffindors hurr
ound. Harry had heard Fred and George Weasley complain about the school broo
ly to the left. Their teacher, Madam Hooch, arrived. She had short, gray h
 his feet on the ground. Madam Hooch then showed them how to mount 
efore you can say ‘Quidditch.’ Come on, dear.” Neville, his face t
in. “Shut up, Malfoy,” snapped Parvati Patil. “Ooh, sticking up for L
cking up for Longbottom?” said Pansy Parkinson, a hard-faced Slytherin girl. “
nk I’ll leave it somewhere for Longbottom to find — how about — up a tre
fault, Professor —” “Be quiet, Miss Patil —” “But Malfoy —” “That’s enou
d her head inside. “Excuse me, Professor Flitwick, could I borrow Wood for a mome
essor Flitwick, could I borrow Wood for a moment?” Wood? thought H
the two boys. “Potter, this is Oliver Wood. Wood — I’ve found you a 
ed. “He’s just the build for a Seeker, too,” said Wood, now walking a
r — a Nimbus Two Thousand or a Cleansweep Seven, I’d say.” “I shall speak to Pr
 by Slytherin, I couldn’t look Severus Snape in the face for weeks. …” Prof
l you, we’re going to win that Quidditch Cup for sure this year,” said Fred
e brilliant. You must be good, Harry, Wood was almost skipping when he to
us.” “Anyway, we’ve got to go, Lee Jordan reckons he’s found a new secre
 that one behind the statue of Gregory the Smarmy that we found in ou
hind the statue of Gregory the Smarmy that we found in our first wee
 awake much later listening to Dean and Seamus falling asleep (Nev
ushed open the portrait of the Fat Lady and climbed through the hole. 
on’t want Slytherin to win the House Cup, and you’ll lose all the points
r McGonagall for knowing about Switching Spells.” “Go away.” “All right
but it won’t help you now, the Fat Lady’s gone off somewhere.” “H
 Neville, showing them. “Madam Pomfrey mended it in about a minute.” 
r rest until I’ve learned that Curse of the Bogies Quirrell told us
I’ve learned that Curse of the Bogies Quirrell told us about, and used it on 
ly how to use the Curse of the Bogies, but Harry hissed at her to be 
“Wandering around at midnight, Ickle Firsties? Tut, tut, tut. Naugh
ed the note to Ron to read. “A Nimbus Two Thousand!” Ron moaned enviousl
 you’ve got at home, Malfoy, a Comet Two Sixty?” Ron grinned at Harry. 
eager to fly again to wait for Wood, Harry mounted his broomstick and kic
 the Quaffle,” said Wood. “The Chasers throw the Quaffle to each othe
d Wood. “The Chasers throw the Quaffle to each other and try and get 
I’m going to show you what the Bludgers do,” Wood said. “These two are
panted, forcing the struggling Bludger back into the crate and strapp
rooms. That’s why you have two Beaters on each team — the Weasley twi
s. “This, ” said Wood, “is the Golden Snitch, and it’s the most important ba
got to weave in and out of the Chasers, Beaters, Bludgers, and Quaffle to get it before t
e whichever Seeker catches the Snitch wins his team an extra hundred
 nearly always win. That’s why Seekers get fouled so much. A game of 
ed if you turn out better than Charlie Weasley, and he could have played for E
, and he could have played for England if he hadn’t gone off chasing 
 important, too — never forget Wizard Baruffio, who said ‘s’ instead of ‘f’ an
 clapping. “Everyone see here, Miss Granger’s done it!” Ron was in
feast, Harry and Ron overheard Parvati Patil telling her friend Lavender th
rvati Patil telling her friend Lavender that Hermione was crying in th
ay through a crowd of confused Hufflepuffs, Harry suddenly grabbed Ron’s arm. “I
ountain troll is one of them.  As they entered November, the wea
 one of them.  As they entered November, the weather turned very cold. 
Quidditch season had begun. On Saturday, Harry would be playing in his first 
lent him Quidditch Through the Ages, which turned out to be a very 
 of them had happened during a World Cup match in 1473; that Seekers we
nd turn up months later in the Sahara Desert. Hermione had become a 
times. Ron and Hermione joined Neville, Seamus, and Dean the West Ham fan up i
had ruined. It said Potter for President, and Dean, who was good at draw
n,” he said. “And women,” said Chaser Angelina Johnson. “And women,” Wood agr
e speaking particularly to the Slytherin Captain, Marcus Flint, a fifth year. Harry thought Fl
t, a fifth year. Harry thought Flint looked as if he had some troll
uaffle is taken immediately by Angelina Johnson of Gryffindor — what an excell
Gryffindor — what an excellent Chaser that girl is, and rather attra
along up there, a neat pass to Alicia Spinnet, a good find of Oliver Wood’s, 
 year only a reserve — back to Johnson and — no, the Slytherins have 
 the Slytherins have taken the Quaffle, Slytherin Captain Marcus Flint gains the Quaffle and off he g
topped by an excellent move by Gryffindor Keeper Wood and the Gryffindors take the Q
dors take the Quaffle — that’s Chaser Katie Bell of Gryffindor there, nice dive
ken by the Slytherins — that’s Adrian Pucey speeding off toward the goal p
 tell which — nice play by the Gryffindor Beater, anyway, and Johnson back in po
osts are ahead — come on, now, Angelina — Keeper Bletchley dives — mis
ead — come on, now, Angelina — Keeper Bletchley dives — misses — GRYFFINDORS S
thing, but Harry dodged it and Fred Weasley came chasing after it. “All ri
t the Bludger furiously toward Marcus Flint. “Slytherin in possessio
“Slytherin in possession,” Lee Jordan was saying, “Chaser Pucey duck
Lee Jordan was saying, “Chaser Pucey ducks two Bludgers, two Weasle
wo Bludgers, two Weasleys, and Chaser Bell, and speeds toward the — wait a
 the streak of gold. Slytherin Seeker Terence Higgs had seen it, too. Neck and nec
o watch. Harry was faster than Higgs — he could see the little roun
d from the Gryffindors below — Marcus Flint had blocked Harry on purpose, 
 right. Flint nearly kills the Gryffindor Seeker, which could happen to anyone, 
enalty to Gryffindor, taken by Spinnet, who puts it away, no trouble, 
as trying to buck him off. But Nimbus Two Thousands did not suddenly decide to buc
ffle — passes Spinnet — passes Bell — hit hard in the face by a Bl
— he’s mine — bought him off a Greek chappie I met in the pub las’ 
tween Professor Dumbledore an’ Nicolas Flamel —” “Aha!” said Harry, “so ther
 looked furious with himself.  Christmas was coming. One morning in mid
ape silkily. “Five points from Gryffindor, Weasley, and be grateful it isn’t more.
ere to begin, not knowing what Flamel might have done to get himself
self into a book. He wasn’t in Great Wizards of the Twentieth Century, or N
wasn’t in Great Wizards of the Twentieth Century, or Notable Magical Names of Ou
s of the Twentieth Century, or Notable Magical Names of Our Time; he was missing, t
ime; he was missing, too, from Important Modern Magical Discoveries, and A Study of Recent Developm
ern Magical Discoveries, and A Study of Recent Developments in Wiza
al Discoveries, and A Study of Recent Developments in Wizardry. And then, of cour
om. Harry wandered over to the Restricted Section. He had been wondering
 the books containing powerful Dark Magic never taught at Hogwarts, and 
” “Nothing,” said Harry. Madam Pince the librarian brandished a fea
y agreed they’d better not ask Madam Pince where they could find Flamel. 
ar on a toasting fork — bread, English muffins, marshmallows — and pl
e can afford to lose him. ” On Christmas Eve, Harry went to bed looking forward to
per and scrawled across it was To Harry, from Hagrid. Inside was a roug
 woven into material. “It’s an Invisibility Cloak,” said Ron, a look of aw
eturned to you. Use it well. A Very Merry Christmas to you. There was no signature
 stupid — we know we’re called Gred and Forge.” “What’s all this n
al live, white mice. Up at the High Table, Dumbledore had swapped his pointed wizard
plodable, luminous balloons, a Grow-Your-Own-Warts kit, and his own new wizard ch
chase Fred and George all over Gryffindor Tower because they’d stolen his pref
he free to think about it: the Invisibility Cloak and whoever had sent it. Ron, 
. And then it came to him. The Restricted Section in the library. He’d be able t
here was no sound of Filch and Snape, Harry moved nearer to the mirror, wa
discovered the delights of the Mirror of Erised.” “I didn’t know it 
n you think what the Mirror of Erised shows us all?” Harry shook his
they recognized at once as the Leg-Locker Curse. He must have had to bun
lked away, Harry looked at the Famous Wizard card. “Dumbledore again,” he s
ned with making the Sorcerer’s Stone, a legendary substance with ast
ure gold. It also produces the Elixir of Life, which will make the d
It also produces the Elixir of Life, which will make the drinker im
t year, enjoys a quiet life in Devon with his wife, Perenelle (six 
t life in Devon with his wife, Perenelle (six hundred and fifty-eight).
tudy of Recent Developments in Wizardry, ” said Ron. “He’s not exactly 
arry. “Now, don’t forget, it’s Locomotor Mortis, ” Hermione muttered as Ron sli
om the whirl of fists that was Neville, Crabbe, and Goyle. Up in the air, Snap
-to meet here of all p-places, Severus …” “Oh, I thought we’d keep th
ked if he knew how to get past Fluffy — and he said something about 
would have done some anti-Dark Arts spell that Snape needs to brea
much homework on them that the Easter holidays weren’t nearly as muc
’s guarding, it’s a Sorcerer’s St —” “Shhhh!” Hagrid looked arou
dragons! Look at these: Dragon Species of Great Britain and Ireland; 
ok at these: Dragon Species of Great Britain and Ireland; From Egg to Infer
reat Britain and Ireland; From Egg to Inferno, A Dragon Keeper’s 
itain and Ireland; From Egg to Inferno, A Dragon Keeper’s Guide. ” “Ha
reland; From Egg to Inferno, A Dragon Keeper’s Guide. ” “Hagrid’s al
 was outlawed by the Warlocks’ Convention of 1709, everyone knows that. 
 there are,” said Ron. “Common Welsh Green and Hebridean Blacks. The Mini
d Ron. “Common Welsh Green and Hebridean Blacks. The Ministry of Magic 
s did enchantments … Professor Sprout — Professor Flitwick — Profess
 “Got this outta the library — Dragon Breeding for Pleasure and Profit — it’s
 library — Dragon Breeding for Pleasure and Profit — it’s a bit outta 
agon Breeding for Pleasure and Profit — it’s a bit outta date, o’ co
nt eggs — what I got there’s a Norwegian Ridge-back. They’re rare, them
,” said Hermione, “how fast do Norwegian Ridgebacks grow, exactly?” Hagrid was abo
tudying dragons. We could send Norbert to him. Charlie can take care 
ogether to read the note. Dear Ron, How are you? Thanks for the letter
tter — I’d be glad to take the Norwegian Ridgeback, but it won’t be easy getting h
egal dragon. Could you get the Ridgeback up the tallest tower at midnig
wer as soon as possible. Love, Charlie They looked at one another. “We’ve 
o risk it. And we have got the Invisibility Cloak, Malfoy doesn’t know about that.” They
ty Cloak on top of the tower.  Things couldn’t have been worse. Filc
let alone being up the tallest Astronomy Tower, which was out-of-bounds except
 Filch says you were up in the Astronomy Tower. It’s one o’clock in the
d of such a thing before! You, Miss Granger, I thought you had more sense. 
have gambled twelve Sorcerer’s Stones that Snape had just left the r
ll’s told him how to break his Anti-Dark Force spell —” “There’s still Fluffy
ng around.” He pulled a map of Jupiter toward him and started to lear
rning, notes were delivered to Harry, Hermione, and Neville at the breakfast t
an’ Hermione’ll go one way an’ Draco, Neville, an’ Fang’ll go the other. Now,
agrid took the left path while Malfoy, Neville, and Fang took the right. They 
 up at the school. An’ this is Ronan, you two. He’s a centaur.” “We’
r their shoulders at Ronan and Bane until the trees blocked their 
 Neville, you stay with me an’ Hermione, Harry, you go with Fang an’ this idio
him?” growled Bane. “Remember, Firenze, we are sworn not to set oursel
ean,” Harry croaked, “that was Vol —” “Harry! Harry, are you all 
e pinned to it: Just in case.  In years to come, Harry would nev
ich had been bewitched with an Anti-Cheating spell. They had practical exam
ried to remember how to make a Forgetfulness potion. Harry did the best he 
ts came out. When the ghost of Professor Binns told them to put down their qu
’t have learned about the 1637 Werewolf Code of Conduct or the uprising of 
bout the 1637 Werewolf Code of Conduct or the uprising of Elfric the 
 of Conduct or the uprising of Elfric the Eager.” Hermione always li
 behind an armchair, clutching Trevor the toad, who looked as though
aid, in a hoarse whisper, “the Bloody Baron has his own reasons for being 
you’re invisible — forgive old Peevsie his little joke, sir.” “I have
“Hope your business goes well, Baron, I’ll not bother you.” And he s
led around his chest. “Devil’s Snare, Devil’s Snare … what did Profe
t even when Hermione tried her Alohomora Charm. “Now what?” said Ron. “
ne last desperate look back at Ron, Harry and Hermione charged through t
you, while safety lies behind, Two of us will help you, whichever
you, whichever you would find, One among us seven will let you mo
seven will let you move ahead, Another will transport the drinker bac
 number hold only nettle wine, Three of us are killers, waiting hid
slyly the poison tries to hide You will always find some on nettl
early, all are different size, Neither dwarf nor giant holds death in
ft and the second on the right Are twins once you taste them, tho
uspect p-p-poor, st-stuttering P-Professor Quirrell?” Harry couldn’t take
as though he could, when I had Lord Voldemort on my side. …” Quirrell came b
ked again. The smiling face of Albus Dumbledore swam into view above him. “Goo
 knows. I believe your friends Misters Fred and George Weasley were respon
nt covered the wall behind the High Table. When Harry walked in th
as silence again. “Second — to Miss Hermione Granger … for the use of cool logic in
horrified if he’d just had the Body-Bind Curse put on him. “Which means,” Dum
om, there he is, look!” It was Ginny Weasley, Ron’s younger sister, but she 
fun with Dudley this summer…”  Not for the first time, an argumen
grid, in his cabin next to the Forbidden Forest in the grounds, and, especiall
 Uncle Vernon forcefully. “The Masons don’t know anything about you 
hopping for a vacation home in Majorca this time tomorrow.” Harry cou
gwarts, more even than playing Quidditch, Harry missed his best friends, Ron W
Harry missed his best friends, Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger. They, ho
 down the stairs. “So long has Dobby wanted to meet you, sir … Such
ly, “that Harry Potter met the Dark Lord for a second time, just weeks 
st ruined the punch line of my Japanese golfer joke. … One more sound 
t very funny story about those American plumbers, Mr. Mason. She’s bee
, so we kept him upstairs. …”) He shooed the shocked Masons back
e received intelligence that a Hover Charm was used at your place of resi
om said school (Decree for the Reasonable Restriction of Underage Sorcery, 1875, Par
 the Reasonable Restriction of Underage Sorcery, 1875, Paragraph C). We would a
ion of Underage Sorcery, 1875, Paragraph C). We would also ask you to r
ffense under section 13 of the International Confederation of Warlocks’ Statute of Secrec
nal Confederation of Warlocks’ Statute of Secrecy. Enjoy your holiday
our holidays! Yours sincerely, Mafalda Hopkirk IMPROPER USE OF MAGIC OFFICE M
SE OF MAGIC OFFICE Ministry of Magic Harry looked up from the letter and 
 the bars. “Ron, how did you — What the — ?” Harry’s mouth fell op
e safely in the back seat with Ron, Fred reversed as close as possible 
ooftops of Privet Drive. Uncle Vernon, Aunt Petunia, and Dudley were all hanging, d
d George, turning around. “Not Lucius Malfoy’s son?” “Must be, it’s 
boy. “I don’t know whether the Malfoys own a house-elf. …” said Harry
ery. So then I tried to borrow Hermes —” “Who?” “The owl Mum and Dad
rrow Hermes —” “Who?” “The owl Mum and Dad bought Percy when he w
ng department,” said Ron. “The Misuse of Muggle Artifacts Office.” “
ent,” said Ron. “The Misuse of Muggle Artifacts Office.” “The what?” “It’s all
ith bewitching things that are Muggle-made, you know, in case they end up 
 him and an old warlock called Perkins in the office — and they had t
he office — and they had to do Memory Charms and all sorts of stuff to cove
ound the edge were things like Time to make tea, Time to feed the 
lpiece, books with titles like Charm Your Own Cheese, Enchantment in Baking, and One Minute Feas
our Own Cheese, Enchantment in Baking, and One Minute Feasts — It’s M
se, Enchantment in Baking, and One Minute Feasts — It’s Magic! And unless Harry
d that coming up was “Witching Hour, with the popular singing sorce
the popular singing sorceress, Celestina Warbeck.” Mrs. Weasley was cla
cy gold letters were the words Gilderoy Lockhart’s Guide to Household 
s Gilderoy Lockhart’s Guide to Household Pests. There was a big photogr
wizard, who Harry supposed was Gilderoy Lockhart, kept winking cheekily up at th
you think you know better than Lockhart, you can go and get on with it,
a peony bush, “like fat little Santa Clauses with fishing rods. …” There wa
 It was certainly nothing like Santa Claus. It was small and leathe
im. “Nine raids. Nine! And old Mundungus Fletcher tried to put a hex on me when 
ly odd ferrets, but that’s the Committee on Experimental Charms, thank 
s, but that’s the Committee on Experimental Charms, thank goodness. …” “Why would 
guiltily at his wife. “C-cars, Molly, dear?” “Yes, Arthur, cars,” sa
. “C-cars, Molly, dear?” “Yes, Arthur, cars,” said Mrs. Weasley, her 
dditch team?” said Harry. “The Chudley Cannons,” said Ron, pointing a
ics that all seemed to feature The Adventures of Martin Miggs, the Mad Muggl
d to feature The Adventures of Martin Miggs, the Mad Muggle. Ron’s magic wa
dventures of Martin Miggs, the Mad Muggle. Ron’s magic wand was l
. Harry stepped over a pack of Self-Shuffling playing cards on the floor and
s ears went pink.  Life at the Burrow was as different as possible f
chen table. The moment she saw Harry, Ginny accidentally knocked her porri
 REQUIRE: The Standard Book of Spells, Grade 2 by Miranda Goshawk Break wit
ard Book of Spells, Grade 2 by Miranda Goshawk Break with a Banshee by Gilderoy Loc
y Miranda Goshawk Break with a Banshee by Gilderoy Lockhart Gadding w
oshawk Break with a Banshee by Gilderoy Lockhart Gadding with Ghouls by Gilderoy Lockha
Gilderoy Lockhart Gadding with Ghouls by Gilderoy Lockhart Holidays 
ockhart Gadding with Ghouls by Gilderoy Lockhart Holidays with Hags by Gilderoy Lockhart
ilderoy Lockhart Holidays with Hags by Gilderoy Lockhart Travels w
Lockhart Holidays with Hags by Gilderoy Lockhart Travels with Trolls by Gilderoy Lockha
Gilderoy Lockhart Travels with Trolls by Gilderoy Lockhart Voyages w
ockhart Travels with Trolls by Gilderoy Lockhart Voyages with Vampires by Gilderoy Lock
Gilderoy Lockhart Voyages with Vampires by Gilderoy Lockhart Wandering
khart Voyages with Vampires by Gilderoy Lockhart Wanderings with Werewolves by Gilderoy Lo
deroy Lockhart Wanderings with Werewolves by Gilderoy Lockhart Year with
 Wanderings with Werewolves by Gilderoy Lockhart Year with the Yeti by Gilderoy Lock
ilderoy Lockhart Year with the Yeti by Gilderoy Lockhart Fred, who
Lockhart Year with the Yeti by Gilderoy Lockhart Fred, who had finished his own list,
from the Dursleys.” He carried Errol to a perch just inside the bac
tter and read it out loud: “ ‘ Dear Ron, and Harry if you’re there, “ ‘
 with schoolwork, of course’ — How can she be?” said Ron in horro
t we meet in Diagon Alley? “ ‘ Let me know what’s happening as so
sily the best broom; Ron’s old Shooting Star was often outstripped by passi
the day before you did; twelve O.W.L.s and he hardly gloated at all.”
dly gloated at all.” “Ordinary Wizarding Levels,” George explained, see
ot careful, we’ll have another Head Boy in the family. I don’t think I
a studying dragons and Bill in Egypt working for the wizard’s bank,
he had money; you couldn’t use Galleons, Sickles, and Knuts in Muggle shops. He 
mered. “He’s never traveled by Floo powder,” said Ron suddenly. “S
s hair. “Delighted — and young Master Malfoy, too — charmed. How may I be of
. There are rumors about a new Muggle Protection Act — no doubt that flea-bitten, M
t — no doubt that flea-bitten, Muggle-loving fool Arthur Weasley is behind 
lea-bitten, Muggle-loving fool Arthur Weasley is behind it —” Harry felt a h
 hand on its cushion. “Ah, the Hand of Glory!” said Mr. Borgin, ab
“I am in something of a hurry, Borgin, I have important business else
aution: Do Not Touch. Cursed — Has Claimed the Lives of Nineteen Muggle O
ouch. Cursed — Has Claimed the Lives of Nineteen Muggle Owners to D
sed — Has Claimed the Lives of Nineteen Muggle Owners to Date. Draco turned away and
ly manner. “Good day yourself, Mister Malfoy, and if the stories are true, y
one he’d just left, Borgin and Burkes, looked like the largest, but o
ous candles told him he was in Knockturn Alley. This didn’t help, as Ha
n apothecary. “Skulkin’ around Knockturn Alley, I dunno — dodgy place, Harry —
was lookin’ fer a Flesh-Eatin’ Slug Repellent,” growled Hagrid. “T
 your glasses? Hello, Hagrid — Oh, it’s wonderful to see you two 
ing up the crowded street were Ron, Fred, George, Percy, and Mr. Weasley. “Harry,” Mr. 
 “Malfoy and his father.” “Did Lucius Malfoy buy anything?” said Mr. Weasle
dful, far worse than he had in Knock-turn Alley, when it was opened. There was 
 had spotted their friend from Hogwarts, Lee Jordan. Mrs. Weasley and Ginny
ey was insisting on taking the Grangers off to the Leaky Cauldron for 
zed longingly at a full set of Chudley Cannon robes in the windows of Qualit
Cannon robes in the windows of Quality Quidditch Supplies until Hermione dragged them of
nk and parchment next door. In Gambol and Japes Wizarding Joke Shop,
hment next door. In Gambol and Japes Wizarding Joke Shop, they met Fred, George, and Lee
 Wizarding Joke Shop, they met Fred, George, and Lee Jordan, who were stock
tocking up on Dr. Filibuster’s Fabulous Wet-Start, No-Heat Fireworks, and in a tiny junk shop full o
 and deeply boring book called Prefects Who Gained Power. “A study of Hogwarts pr
s. They each grabbed a copy of The Standard Book of Spells, Grade 2 and sneaked
 much, much more than my book, Magical Me. He and his schoolmates wil
 had been hit in the eye by an Encyclopedia of Toadstools. He was still ho
 the evening with a display of Filibuster fireworks; they filled the kit
re going to fit into one small Ford Anglia. He had reckoned, of co
nced into the back seat, where Harry, Ron, Fred, George, and Percy were all sitting com
 this little button here is an Invisibility Booster I installed — that’d get us up
n nineteen or something of the Restriction of Thingy —” “But your mum and
omething of the Restriction of Thingy —” “But your mum and dad …” sa
erage and we’re not allowed to Apparate yet. …” Harry’s feeling of pan
to the side road where the old Ford Anglia was parked. Ron unlocked the c
ff their sweaters, but Harry’s T-shirt was sticking to the back of hi
ht bun, was placing the famous Hogwarts Sorting Hat on a stool before the newcomer
r Hogwarts houses (Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw, and Slytherin). Harry well rem
d up in Gryffindor, along with Ron, Hermione, and the rest of the Weasleys. 
 unrolled today’s issue of the Evening Prophet. “You were seen,” he h
saw an old car flying over the Post Office tower … at noon in Norfolk, Mr
Post Office tower … at noon in Norfolk, Mrs. Hetty Bayliss, while hang
at noon in Norfolk, Mrs. Hetty Bayliss, while hanging out her washing 
ng out her washing … Mr. Angus Fleet, of Peebles, reported to police
 washing … Mr. Angus Fleet, of Peebles, reported to police … Six or se
e been done to a very valuable Whomping Willow,” Snape went on. “That 
e, these boys have flouted the Decree for the Restriction of Underag
 Decree for the Restriction of Underage Wizardry, caused serious damage to an ol
 “I must go back to the feast, Minerva, I’ve got to give out a few not
 just be disappointed that the Whomping Willow hadn’t squashed him flat. Prof
r second year Gryffindor boys, Seamus Finnigan, Dean Thomas, and Neville Longbottom. “Unbel
 Hermione, who had her copy of Voyages with Vampires propped open aga
nd to see who had received the Howler, and Ron sank so low in his cha
s not quite as good as winning Witch Weekly’s Most-Charming-Smile A
good as winning Witch Weekly’s Most-Charming-Smile Award five times in a row, as I have
 she said, “We’ll be repotting Mandrakes today. Now, who can tell me th
st into the air. “Mandrake, or Mandragora, is a powerful restorative,” sa
,” said Professor Sprout. “The Mandrake forms an essential part of mos
 there — and be careful of the Venomous Tentacula, it’s teething.” She gave a sha
t’s something, isn’t he?” said Justin happily as they began filling 
ntastic. “My name was down for Eton, you know. I can’t tell you how
 came here instead. Of course, Mother was slightly disappointed, but
up his wand with some borrowed Spellotape, but it seemed to be damaged be
. “All right, Harry? I’m — I’m Colin Creevey,” he said breathlessly
 can prove I’ve met you,” said Colin Creevey eagerly, edging further forwar
e house —” Ron whipped out his Spellotaped wand, but Hermione shut Voyage
who was wishing he knew a good Vanishing Spell, still clasped to his side. “A 
 for you back there with young Creevey — if he was photographing me, 
p Neville Longbottom’s copy of Travels with Trolls, and held it up to
and winking as well. “Gilderoy Lockhart, Order of Merlin, Third Class, Honora
. “Gilderoy Lockhart, Order of Merlin, Third Class, Honorary Member of the Dark Force Defense Leag
 Class, Honorary Member of the Dark Force Defense League, and five-time winner of Witch 
 that. I didn’t get rid of the Bandon Banshee by smiling at her!” He waited 
te color is lilac. I say so in Year with the Yeti. And a few of yo
 And a few of you need to read Wanderings with Werewolves more carefully
o to a large bottle of Ogden’s Old Firewhisky!” He gave them anot
 disbelief on his face; Seamus Finnigan and Dean Thomas, who were sitt
r over — “full marks! Where is Miss Hermione Granger?” Hermione raised a tr
 dramatically. “Freshly caught Cornish pixies. ” Seamus Finnigan coul
o pixies at once with a clever Freezing Charm and stuffing them back into th
er than he would have liked by Oliver Wood, Captain of the Gryffindor Quidditch te
by Oliver Wood, Captain of the Gryffindor Quidditch team. “Whassamatter?” said Har
d the fourth ball —” “— is the Golden Snitch,” said Harry, “and it’s
he wall behind her. Her fellow Chasers, Katie Bell and Angelina Johnson, were yaw
sley’s head drooped right onto Alicia Spinnet’s shoulder and he bega
, Wood.” Angelina, Alicia, and Katie had come over, too. There were
I believe it outstrips the old Two Thousand series by a considerable amoun
eorge, who were both clutching Cleansweep Fives — “sweeps the board with them.
oking at Malfoy, taking in his Slytherin Quidditch robes. “I’m the new Slytherin 
 Quidditch robes. “I’m the new Slytherin Seeker, Weasley,” said Malfoy, smugly.
oo. You could raffle off those Cleansweep Fives; I expect a museum would
me in — thought you mighta bin Professor Lockhart back again —” Harry and Hermio
y foul name for someone who is Muggle-born — you know, non-magic parents.
l the subject was changed. “An Engorgement Charm, I suppose?” said Hermione, hal
ge treat. “This first one’s to Gladys Gudgeon, bless her — huge fan of mine —
ousandth envelope, writing out Veronica Smethley’s address. It must be
getting a little drowsy? Great Scott — look at the time! “We’ve bee
another slug attack all over a Special Award for Services to the School. To
k all over a Special Award for Services to the School. Took ages to ge
is voice low so as not to wake Neville, Dean, and Seamus, Harry told Ron exa
not to wake Neville, Dean, and Seamus, Harry told Ron exactly what he had h
him. “I don’t get it either.”  October arrived, spreading a damp chil
ng the staff and students. Her Pepperup Potion worked instantly, though it le
 troubled, young Potter,” said Nick, folding a transparent letter a
 would qualify you to join the Headless Hunt?” “Oh — yes,” said Harry,
ate in hunt activities such as Horseback Head-Juggling and Head Polo. It is with the 
ements. With very best wishes, Sir Patrick Delaney-Podmore.’ ” Fuming, Ne
ut oh, no, it’s not enough for Sir Properly Decapitated-Podmore.” Nearly H
n free Nimbus Two Thousand and Ones for our match against Sly —” T
and Ones for our match against Sly —” The rest of Harry’s sentenc
who was used by the caretaker, Argus Filch, as a sort of deputy in his end
d without a backward glance at Harry, Filch ran flat-footed from the offic
envelope and read: KWIKSPELL A Correspondence Course in Beginners’ Magic Intrigued,
spondence Course in Beginners’ Magic Intrigued, Harry flicked the envelope open and 
izards have benefited from the Kwikspell method! Madam Z. Nettles of To
ll method! Madam Z. Nettles of Topsham writes: “I had no memory for i
iends beg for the recipe of my Scintillation Solution!” Warlock D. J. Prod 
lution!” Warlock D. J. Prod of Didsbury says: “My wife used to sneer a
t reading “Lesson One: Holding Your Wand (Some Useful Tips)” when shuff
n One: Holding Your Wand (Some Useful Tips)” when shuffling footstep
 the corridor together. Nearly Headless Nick, Harry noticed, was still holding Sir
rry noticed, was still holding Sir Patrick’s rejection letter. “I
e, fire-dwelling lizard from a Care of Magical Creatures class and
dwelling lizard from a Care of Magical Creatures class and it was now smolderin
 back, I don’t want to talk to Moaning Myrtle —” “Who?” said Harry as they b
ves hissed in her ear. Moaning Myrtle burst into anguished sobs and 
ly Headless Nick proudly. “The Wailing Widow came all the way up from Kent.
ut nobody heard much more. Sir Patrick and the rest of the Headless H
ir Patrick and the rest of the Headless Hunt had just started a game of Hea
unt had just started a game of Head Hockey and the crowd were turning to 
ugh the quiet. “Enemies of the Heir, beware! You’ll be next, Mudblo
agerly. “My office is nearest, Headmaster — just upstairs — please feel 
rried after Dumbledore; so did Professors McGonagall and Snape. As they entered Loc
alls; Harry saw several of the Lockharts in the pictures dodging out of
that killed her — probably the Trans-mogrifian Torture — I’ve seen it used many times
his hands. Much as he detested Filch, Harry couldn’t help feeling a bit so
 “And I don’t even know what a Squib is.” “Rubbish!” snarled Filch.
ndred times. I could whip up a Mandrake Restorative Draught in my sleep —” “Excuse me,” sa
riting on the wall about? ‘The Chamber Has Been Opened’. … What’s that suppose
te of Muggle-born wizards, but Squibs are quite unusual. If Filch’s 
on the wall with Mrs. Skower’s All-Purpose Magical Mess Remover, but to no effect; the words st
. I just hope he’s got time to Petrify Filch before he’s expelled. I’m only
et Ron in the library, and saw Justin Finch-Fletchley, the Hufflepuff boy from Herbol
-foot-long composition on “The Medieval Assembly of European Wizards.” “I don’t
n on “The Medieval Assembly of European Wizards.” “I don’t believe it,
o read up on the legend of the Chamber of Secrets.” “What’s that?” sa
f a deadly dull lecture on the International Warlock Convention of 1289, looked amazed. “Miss 
ermione in a clear voice. Dean Thomas, who had been sitting with his 
f that year, a subcommittee of Sardinian sorcerers —” He stuttered to a
. “Let me see … the Chamber of Secrets … “You all know, of course, th
s are named after them: Godric Gryffindor, Helga Hufflepuff, Rowena Ravenclaw, and Salazar Slytherin. They bu
flepuff, Rowena Ravenclaw, and Salazar Slytherin. They built this cas
s usual torpor. “I always knew Salazar Slytherin was a twisted old loony,” Ron 
ng the message “The Chamber of Secrets Has Been Opened.” “That’s where Filch h
ng up and coming over. “That’s Moaning Myrtle’s place. Come on, let’s
to frighten all the Squibs and Muggle-borns out of Hogwarts?” “Let’s think
. “All we’d need would be some Polyjuice Potion.” “What’s that?” said R
e said it was in a book called Moste Potente Potions and it’s bound to be in the Re
d have to be really thick. …”  Since the disastrous episode of the 
d been forced to play a simple Transylvanian villager whom Lockhart had cur
r whom Lockhart had cured of a Babbling Curse, a yeti with a head cold, and a
erformed the immensely complex Homorphus Charm — he let out a piteous moan — 
 a poem about my defeat of the Wagga Wagga Werewolf! Signed copies of Mag
gga Werewolf! Signed copies of Magical Me to the author of the best one!
 me understand what you say in Gadding with Ghouls about slow-acting 
oo. I was asked to try for the National Squad, but preferred to dedicate my l
ke an underfed vulture. “Moste Potente Potions?” she repeated suspici
y as she found the page headed The Polyjuice Potion. It was decorated with 
m Hooch’s whistle rang out and Harry, Fred, and George dived for the groun
or something — I’ve read about Chameleon Ghouls —” “You read too much, Hermion
 Squib.” In the second week of December Professor McGonagall came around as usual, collecti
be the perfect time to use the Polyjuice Potion and try to worm a confession o
ou could say “Unfair.” Harry’s Swelling Solution was far too runny, but he had 
turned and walked off to bully Neville, Hermione caught Harry’s eye and nodded.
been splashed, come here for a Deflating Draught — when I find out who did this
g excited. “They’re starting a Dueling Club!” said Seamus. “First mee
onto the platform. “That was a Disarming Charm — as you see, I’ve lost my wan
 lost my wand — ah, thank you, Miss Brown — yes, an excellent idea to sh
arry of a picture he’d seen in Holidays with Hags. She was large and s
nees; Harry had hit him with a Tickling Charm, and he could barely move for l
and had done; but Hermione and Millicent Bulstrode were still moving; Millicent h
Harry leapt forward and pulled Millicent off. It was difficult: She was
’ll stop bleeding in a second, Boot — “I think I’d better teach yo
olunteer pair — Longbottom and Finch-Fletchley, how about you —” “A bad idea, 
s telling me it had never seen Brazil and I sort of set it free with
 for. That’s why the symbol of Slytherin House is a serpent.” Harry’s mouth f
h a snake to do it. But I’m in Gryffindor, Harry thought. The Sorting Hat would
e heavy murmuring at this, and Ernie went on, “Remember what was wr
looked as though they had been Petrified by the sight of him, and the c
as he spoke, “was you speaking Parseltongue and chasing the snake toward J
ither foxes or a Blood-Suckin’ Bugbear, an’ I need the headmaster’s pe
wing by Professor Flitwick and Professor Sinistra of the Astronomy department, b
st be where Dumbledore lived.  They stepped off the stone staircas
 shame you had to see him on a Burning Day,” said Dumbledore, seating
aithful pets.” In the shock of Fawkes catching fire, Harry had forgo
nging from his hand. “It wasn’ Harry, Professor Dumbledore!” said Hagrid urgen
r, which meant they could play Exploding Snap loudly without bothering anyon
on had given him a book called Flying with the Cannons, a book of in
 a book called Flying with the Cannons, a book of interesting facts ab
’ve filled these with a simple Sleeping Draught. All you have to do is
be and Goyle coming out of the Great Hall, Harry and Ron hid quickly behind a s
 far too small for Crabbe- and Goyle-size feet. Then, still stunned at w
ereading the splotched page of Moste Potente Potions. “It looks like the bo
ful not to spill a drop of his Polyjuice Potion, Harry slipped into the middle stall.
d into the next passage, “That Peter Weasley —” “Percy,” Ron corrected him 
QUIRY AT THE MINISTRY OF MAGIC Arthur Weasley, Head of the Misuse of Muggle Artifa
Weasley, Head of the Misuse of Muggle Artifacts Office, was today fined fifty Galleons
spital wing and give all those Mudbloods a kick from me,” said Malfoy, 
amber of Secrets was opened, a Mudblood died. So I bet it’s a matter o
t of a giveaway if Ron punched Malfoy, Harry shot him a warning look and sa
air!” she howled. “M-Millicent Bulstrode m-must have a cat! And the p-p
, from your concerned teacher, Professor Gilderoy Lockhart, Order of Merlin, Third Class, Honora
-time winner of Witch Weekly’s Most-Charming-Smile Award. ” Ron looked up at Herm
 you were supposed to add to a Hair-Raising Potion when an angry outburst from th
w. … I was just sitting in the U-bend, thinking about death, and it f
yes out. And everyone who read Sonnets of a Sorcerer spoke in limeric
everyone who read Sonnets of a Sorcerer spoke in limericks for the res
r lives. And some old witch in Bath had a book that you could neve
ted name of a variety store on Vauxhall Road, London. “He must’ve been Muggl
. “To have bought a diary from Vauxhall Road. …” “Well, it’s not much 
. On her first evening back in Gryffindor Tower, Harry showed her T. M. Riddle’s diar
. “I wouldn’t mind knowing how Riddle got an award for special servi
e a bright red eraser. “It’s a Revealer, I got it in Diagon Alley,” she
” she said. She rubbed hard on January first. Nothing happened. “I’m 
 He’d never had friends before Hogwarts, Dudley had made sure of that. Neverth
d find Riddle’s name on an old Medal for Magical Merit, and on a li
dle’s name on an old Medal for Magical Merit, and on a list of old Head Boys
r another fifty years. … Ernie Macmillan of Hufflepuff didn’t take this
ame clear at breakfast time on February fourteenth. Harry hadn’t had m
e to show you how to whip up a Love Potion! And while you’re at it
ssor Flitwick knows more about Entrancing Enchantments than any wizard I’ve ever met,
 first person to ask him for a Love Potion would be force-fed poison. “Pl
ars, which happened to include Ginny Weasley, Harry tried to escape. The dwarf, ho
green as a fresh pickled toad, His hair is as dark as a blackboar
 expelled. But the headmaster, Professor Dippet, ashamed that such a thing had 
saw that the little square for June thirteenth seemed to have turn
y tightly. “My dear boy,” said Dippet kindly, “I cannot possibly let
name me — Tom after my father, Marvolo after my grandfather.” Dippet 
 you, Harry?” “He was buying a Flesh-Eating Slug Repellent,” said Harry quickly
“Oh, Potter, you rotter” song, Ernie Macmillan asked Harry quite politely to 
s in Herbology one day, and in March several of the Mandrakes threw
ng people whether they thought Arithmancy sounded more difficult than th
re difficult than the study of Ancient Runes. Dean Thomas, who, like 
commend Divination. People say Muggle Studies is a soft option, but I person
he blankets back onto his bed, Ron, Dean, and Seamus came in. Dean swore
g alone, reading a book called Ancient Runes Made Easy. Hermione looked aghast a
uted. “We’ve got to play — the Cup — Gryffindor —” Professor McGo
ouse common rooms, where their Heads of Houses will give them furth
uietly. “That Ravenclaw girl — Penelope Clearwater — she’s a prefect. I don’t thi
in expectin’ — doesn’ matter — Sit down — I’ll make tea —” He har
oss!” Ron breathed. “Cornelius Fudge, the Minister of Magic!” Harry 
 and looked from Dumbledore to Cornelius Fudge. “Bad business, Hagrid,”
tep aside. This is an Order of Suspension — you’ll find all twelve signa
advise you not to shout at the Azkaban guards like that. They won’t l
cratching at the closed door.  Summer was creeping over the grounds 
t them all to work pruning the Abyssinian Shrivelfigs. Harry went to tip
annah came to work at the same Shrivelfig as Harry and Ron. “That Draco 
s like they’re heading for the Forbidden Forest. …” And Ron looked even
ht Harry. “Is it Hagrid?” said Aragog, moving closer, his eight milky
s me. He even found me a wife, Mosag, and you see how our family has
ths will be ‘ It was Hagrid. ’ Frankly, I’m astounded Professor McGona
urious or more deadly than the Basilisk, known also as the King of Serp
he Basilisk, known also as the King of Serpents. This snake, which
id Harry, “I can’t be the only Parselmouth in the school. The Heir of Sly
ht underneath the first one. ‘ Her skeleton will lie in the Chamb
ts to read about some ugly old Armenian warlock, even if he did save a
 they did. Then I had to put a Memory Charm on them so they wouldn’t remem
ing I pride myself on, it’s my Memory Charms. No, it’s been a lot of
it so well. I’d hidden because Olive Hornby was teasing me about my glasse
werful enough to start feeding Miss Weasley a few of my secrets, to start 
ages on the walls. She set the Serpent of Slytherin on four Mudbloods
 paint all down my front. Dear Tom, Percy keeps telling me I’m pale and 
n imagine how it looked to old Armando Dippet. On the one hand, Tom R
mando Dippet. On the one hand, Tom Riddle, poor but brilliant, parentless
en the cat. In a few hours the Mandrake Draught will be ready and everyone who
ring words: tom marvolo riddle Then he waved the wand once, and th
er rang with it, as though ten Riddles were laughing at once — “This 
Muggles. Probably the only two Parselmouths to come to Hogwarts since the 
son. Let’s match the powers of Lord Voldemort, Heir of Salazar Slytherin, against 
him, he could hear it coming — There was a loud, explosive spitting
I s-swear I d-didn’t mean to — R-Riddle made me, he t-took me over — a
 coming to Hogwarts ever since B-Bill came and n-now I’ll have to le
 a moment there was silence as Harry, Ron, Ginny, and Lockhart stood in the door
miling. “You will both receive Special Awards for Services to the School and
ial Awards for Services to the School and — let me see — yes, I thin
n the Hogwarts Express. Harry, Ron, Hermione, Fred, George, and Ginny got a compartment to
 “It’s that Ravenclaw prefect, Penelope Clearwater,” said Ginny. “That
nd book (A History of Magic by Bathilda Bagshot) propped open against 
s essay, “Witch Burning in the Fourteenth Century Was Completely Pointless — discuss.” The quill paused a
r wizard would perform a basic Flame Freezing Charm and then pretend to shriek wit
e, tickling sensation. Indeed, Wendelin the Weird enjoyed being burned
ensation. Indeed, Wendelin the Weird enjoyed being burned so much t
st week of the holidays. While Uncle Vernon, Aunt Petunia, and Dudley had gone out into t
Harry’s other best friend from Hogwarts, Hermione Granger, hadn’t been in touch either. H
y of Magic, has won the annual Daily Prophet Grand Prize Galleon Draw. A delighted Mr. Weasley 
, works as a curse breaker for Gringotts Wizarding Bank.” The Weasley family will
s letter and unfolded it. Dear Harry, Happy birthday! Look, I’m really sor
t believe the curses those old Egyptian wizards put on them. Mum would
 get you down! Try and come to London, Ron PS. Percy’s Head Boy. He got t
 beneath it. Harry — this is a Pocket Sneakoscope. If there’s someon
 soup. Bye — Ron Harry put the Pocket Sneakoscope on his bedside table, where it
e all right. I’m on holiday in France at the moment and I didn’t kno
rds stamped across it, reading Broomstick Servicing Kit. “Wow, Hermione!” Harry wh
was a large jar of Fleetwood’s High-Finish Handle Polish, a pair of gleaming silver Tail
ish, a pair of gleaming silver Tail-Twig Clippers, a tiny brass compass to clip o
broom for long journeys, and a Handbook of Do-It-Yourself Broomcare. A
ng journeys, and a Handbook of Do-It-Yourself Broomcare. Apart from his frie
ry to be picked for one of the Hogwarts House teams. One of Harry’s most pri
blazoned with the golden title The Monster Book of Monsters, before it flipped
lden title The Monster Book of Monsters, before it flipped onto its edg
buckled tightly around it. The Monster Book shuddered angrily, but could n
ating you right. All the best, Hagrid It struck Harry as ominous that H
mitted to visit the village of Hogsmeade on certain weekends. Please gi
erely, Professor M. McGonagall Deputy Headmistress Harry pulled out the Hogsmeade permi
d reappeared. “The Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries will announce to
he Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries will announce today —” “Hang o
hts had been upstairs with the Broomstick Servicing Kit, was brought back to earth with
Dudley’s fifth birthday party, Aunt Marge had whacked Harry around the s
e year before Harry started at Hogwarts, Harry had accidentally trodden on th
 Marge you attend St. Brutus’s Secure Center for Incurably Criminal Boys.” 
St. Brutus’s Secure Center for Incurably Criminal Boys.” “What?” Harry yelled. “
 suspiciously. “Third years at Hog — at my school are allowed to 
to school, and I’ll act like a Mug — like I’m normal and everythi
arge?” he said. “And what will Ripper take?” “Ripper can have some t
le Vernon asked. “Oh, I’ve got Colonel Fubster managing them,” boomed Aunt Ma
oo hard. Did the same thing at Colonel Fubster’s the other day. No ne
 got wind of any more magic in Privet Drive, Harry would face expulsion from Hogw
to think about his Handbook of Do-It-Yourself Broomcare whenever Aunt Marge started on
“You’ll be a proper-sized man, Dudders, like your father. Yes, I’ll ha
ber page twelve of his book: A Charm to Cure Reluctant Reversers. “
twelve of his book: A Charm to Cure Reluctant Reversers. “It all comes down 
e collapsed onto a low wall in Magnolia Crescent, panting from the effort of dra
hivered and looked up and down Magnolia Crescent. What was going to ha
t him was stored in a vault at Gringotts Wizarding Bank in London. He’d never be able 
ng over the windshield spelled The Knight Bus. For a split second, Harry
 to the night. “Welcome to the Knight Bus, emergency transport for the st
ere you want to go. My name is Stan Shunpike, and I will be your conductor t
re you doin’ down there?” said Stan, dropping his professional mann
ween the garage and fence. The Knight Bus’s headlamps were flooding 
eville Longbottom, Ern.” Ernie Prang, an elderly wizard wearing very
, they don’.” “Best go wake up Madam Marsh, Stan,” said Ern. “We’ll be in 
 Stan,” said Ern. “We’ll be in Abergavenny in a minute.” Stan passed Harr
m Marsh,” said Stan happily as Ern stamped on the brake and the b
rd the front of the bus. Madam Marsh clamped a handkerchief to her 
e Black,” said the Minister of Magic, Cornelius Fudge, this morning, “and we beg the 
ticized by some members of the International Federation of Warlocks for informing the 
he International Federation of Warlocks for informing the Muggle Prime
 of Warlocks for informing the Muggle Prime Minister of the crisis. “Well, really, 
m, magic or Muggle. I have the Prime Minister’s assurance that he w
, and they came quiet. But not Sirius Black. I ’eard he thought ’e’d
en the bus moved abruptly from Anglesey to Aberdeen. One by one, wizar
NG! They were thundering along Charing Cross Road. Harry sat up and watched
 the unfortunate blowing-up of Miss Marjorie Dursley. Two members of the Ac
ie Dursley. Two members of the Accidental Magic Reversal Squad were dispatched to Privet Driv
 Decree for the Restriction of Underage Wizardry!” “Oh, my dear boy, w
’t want you wandering off into Muggle London, all right? Keep to Diagon Alle
d that he was now facing three Dursley-free weeks. “It’s been a very weird
in the bright sunshine outside Florean Fortescue’s Ice Cream Parlor, 
ne outside Florean Fortescue’s Ice Cream Parlor, finishing all his essays with 
says with occasional help from Florean Fortescue himself, who, apart from knowi
g a handsome set of solid gold Gobstones (a wizarding game rather like 
g off his father’s arm. “Irish International Side’s just put in an order fo
“And they’re favorites for the World Cup!” A large witch in front o
ext to the broom: THE FIREBOLT This state-of-the-art racing broom 
dynamic perfection, giving the Firebolt unsurpassable balance and pinp
nd incorporates an unbreakable Braking Charm. Price on request. Price
sited Madam Malkin’s Robes for All Occasions and bought new ones. Most impo
oceeded toward the door of the Monster Books’ cage. “Hang on,” said H
noise rent the air; two of the Monster Books had seized a third and were pu
ught two hundred copies of the Invisible Book of Invisibility — cost a fortu
ing down his booklist, “I need Unfogging the Future by Cassandra Vablat
ooklist, “I need Unfogging the Future by Cassandra Vablatsky.” “Ah, 
I need Unfogging the Future by Cassandra Vablatsky.” “Ah, starting Divi
ndra Vablatsky.” “Ah, starting Divination, are you?” said the manager, st
s stacked with volumes such as Predicting the Unpredictable: Insulate Yo
ng the Unpredictable: Insulate Yourself Against Shocks and Broken Balls: When Fortune
te Yourself Against Shocks and Broken Balls: When Fortunes Turn Foul
 Shocks and Broken Balls: When Fortunes Turn Foul. “Here you are,” said the
ll table: Death Omens: What to Do When You Know the Worst Is Coming. “Oh, I wo
: What to Do When You Know the Worst Is Coming. “Oh, I wouldn’t read t
ing his booklist. “Er — I need Intermediate Transfiguration and The Standard Book of Spell
mione. “Those are my books for Arithmancy, Care of Magical Creatures, Divinati
 books for Arithmancy, Care of Magical Creatures, Divination, Study of Ancient Runes, Muggle Studi
reatures, Divination, Study of Ancient Runes, Muggle Studies —” “What are you doing Muggle 
under a wastepaper bin outside Quality Quidditch Supplies. Ron stuffed the trem
on’s hand. “And stop worrying, Crookshanks will be sleeping in my dormito
r in the parlor, and the seven Weasleys, Harry, and Hermione ate their way thr
ods, with HB on them —” “— for Humongous Bighead,” said Fred. Everyone 
roving it.” The badge now read Bighead Boy. Harry forced a laugh, wen
 car and was shortly joined by Hermione, Ron, and, to Ron’s disgust, Percy. 
arently very interested in the InterCity 125 that had just arrived at p
e trunk,” Harry advised as the Sneakoscope whistled piercingly, “or it’ll
hey sell that sort of thing in Dervish and Banges, magical instrument
t sort of thing in Dervish and Banges, magical instruments and stuff.
irely non-Muggle settlement in Britain —” “Yeah, I think it is,” said
ey’ve got everything. … Pepper Imps — they make you smoke at the m
e at the mouth — and great fat Chocoballs full of strawberry mousse and 
rmione pressed on eagerly. “In Sites of Historical Sorcery it says 
essed on eagerly. “In Sites of Historical Sorcery it says the inn was the headqu
1612 goblin rebellion, and the Shrieking Shack’s supposed to be the mos
 was about to answer back when Professor Lupin stirred. They watched him appr
 handed Harry a large stack of Cauldron Cakes. “If he’s hungry when he
whispered Hermione, taking the Cauldron Cake Harry passed her. He might not be ve
alfoy, flanked by his cronies, Vincent Crabbe and Gregory Goyle. Draco Malfo
basket to the floor. Professor Lupin gave a snort. “Who’s that?” sa
 d’you know what’s going on? — Ouch — sorry —” “Hullo, Neville,” s
d around, surprised. Professor McGonagall, Transfiguration teacher and head of Gryffindor
re best suited to (Gryffindor, Ravenclaw, Hufflepuff, or Slytherin). Professor McGon
ects, and our new Head Boy and Girl, to make sure that no student r
l, I am sorry to tell you that Professor Kettleburn, our Care of Magical Creatures 
l be filled by none other than Rubeus Hagrid, who has agreed to take on this
nd, felt he was home at last.  When Harry, Ron, and Hermione entered the Great
ok, Divination’s at the top of North Tower. It’ll take us ten minut
 journey through the castle to North Tower was a long one. Two years at H
 brass plaque on it. “ ‘Sibyll Trelawney, Divination teacher,’ ” Harry read. “How’r
, glittering insect. Professor Trelawney moved into the firelight, and 
 “Welcome to Divination,” said Professor Trelawney, who had seated herself in a wi
e of the main school clouds my Inner Eye.” Nobody said anything to 
et that if you do not have the Sight, there is very little I will be
face to nervous face. “It is a Gift granted to few. You, boy,” she
 “I wonder, dear,” she said to Lavender Brown, who was nearest and shrank bac
 very happy. …” “You need your Inner Eye tested, if you ask me,” said R
‘A windfall, unexpected gold.’ Excellent, you can lend me some … and the
o their mouths in horror. “The Grim, my dear, the Grim!” cried Prof
ched. That dog on the cover of Death Omens in Flourish and Blotts — the d
f Magnolia Crescent … Lavender Brown clapped her hands to her mouth
onagall was telling them about Animagi (wizards who could transform a
 you should know, Potter, that Sibyll Trelawney has predicted the death of one
 little patience with it. True Seers are very rare, and Professor T
 bad,” he said. “My — my uncle Bilius saw one and — and he died twen
posing the back of his neck to Buckbeak, but he did as he was told. He 
ing to see if he’s okay!” said Pansy, and they all watched her run u
e making a new potion today, a Shrinking Solution. Malfoy set up his ca
scales, “have you heard? Daily Prophet this morning — they reckon Sir
If he has managed to produce a Shrinking Solution, it will shrink to a tadpole. I
r’s clothes. If all goes well, Professor Boggart Snape will be forced into that vultu
. After boggarts, they studied Red Caps, nasty little goblinlike creatu
 by many of the class. Parvati Patil and Lavender Brown had taken t
perb Chasers.” Wood pointed at Alicia Spinnet, Angelina Johnson, and Katie Bell. “We’ve got two
sit Zonko’s. I’m nearly out of Stink Pellets.” Harry threw himself 
said, “You — you were dreading Binky being killed by a fox?” “Well,
hop’s rather good, and Zonko’s Joke Shop’s frankly dangerous, and 
aren’t you in Hogsmeade buying Stink Pellets and Belch Powder and Whizzing 
meade buying Stink Pellets and Belch Powder and Whizzing Worms like the re
k Pellets and Belch Powder and Whizzing Worms like the rest of your nasty li
inking vaguely of visiting the Owlery to see Hedwig, and was walking
king up a packet of tiny black Pepper Imps. “What’s Hogsmeade like? 
arding equipment shop, Zonko’s Joke Shop, into the Three Broomsticks for
p, Zonko’s Joke Shop, into the Three Broomsticks for foaming mugs of hot butter
who were full to bursting with Honeydukes sweets, managed second helping
urned, his eyes somber, to see Professors McGonagall, Lupin, and Snape hurrying toward him.
ter than his cackle. “Ashamed, Your Headship, sir. Doesn’t want to be seen. 
ady, sir?” “Hiding in a map of Argyllshire on the second floor. Apparentl
came wilder and wilder; Hannah Abbott, from Hufflepuff, spent much of
 replaced with the portrait of Sir Cadogan and his fat gray pony. Nobody 
was very happy about this. Sir Cadogan spent half his time challengin
ssion before Saturday’s match, Oliver Wood gave his team some unwelcome n
e different. They’ve got a new Captain and Seeker, Cedric Diggory —” 
 They’ve got a new Captain and Seeker, Cedric Diggory —” Angelina, Alicia, and Katie
don’t know why you’re worried, Oliver, Hufflepuff is a pushover. Last time we pl
ehensive. Wood had pointed out Cedric Diggory to him in the corridor; Diggor
aring canary-yellow robes. The Captains walked up to each other and sh
 off. Harry rose fast, but his Nimbus was swerving slightly with the
ing a Bludger, ducking beneath Diggory, who was streaking in the oppos
runk. In the end, a boy called Davey Gudgeon nearly lost an eye, and we wer
nd Dad would really love those Toothflossing Stringmints from Honeydukes!” Resigned to 
gain, Harry borrowed a copy of Which Broomstick from Wood, and decided to spen
her with Filch.” “We let off a Dungbomb in the corridor and it upset h
 of his filing cabinets marked Confiscated and Highly Dangerous. ” “Don’t
abinets marked Confiscated and Highly Dangerous. ” “Don’t tell me —”
hat proclaimed: Messrs. Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot, and Prongs Purveyors of Aids t
 Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot, and Prongs Purveyors of Aids to Magical Mischief-Ma
dfoot, and Prongs Purveyors of Aids to Magical Mischief-Makers are
nd Prongs Purveyors of Aids to Magical Mischief-Makers are proud to present THE MARAU
tairs. “And get another box of Jelly Slugs, dear, they’ve nearly cleaned u
might not get another chance — Quickly and silently, Harry dodged out
y Flavor Beans, and another of Fizzing Whizbees, the levitating sherbert balls 
ial Effects” sweets: Drooble’s Best Blowing Gum (which filled a room with blue
ossing Stringmints, tiny black Pepper Imps (“breathe fire for your friend
athe fire for your friends!”), Ice Mice (“hear your teeth chatter and 
e?” said Ron, shoving a jar of Cockroach Clusters under Hermione’s nose. “Defini
DER OF — THE MINISTRY OF MAGIC Customers are reminded that until furthe
over to their barrel. “And the Jelly Slugs? And the Acid Pops? Fred
 “And the Jelly Slugs? And the Acid Pops? Fred gave me one of thos
Ron stared broodingly into the Acid Pop box. “Reckon Fred’d take a bit
. “Reckon Fred’d take a bit of Cockroach Cluster if I told him they were peanut
here —” “We could go up to the Shrieking Shack —” “Tell you what,” said Ron, 
r hat and a pinstriped cloak — Cornelius Fudge, Minister of Magic. In an instant, Ron a
nt rum, Minister.” “Thank you, Rosmerta, m’dear,” said Fudge’s voice. “
the whole village twice?” said Madam Rosmerta, a slight edge to her voice. “S
l the people to go over to the Dark Side, Sirius Black was the last I’d have thought 
that their best chance was the Fidelius Charm.” “How does that work?” 
n inside the chosen person, or Secret-Keeper, and is henceforth impossible t
 then, barely a week after the Fidelius Charm had been performed —” “Black b
hen a wizard goes over ter the Dark Side, there’s nothin’ and no one tha
e who found him. It was little Peter Pettigrew — another of the Potters’ frie
r memories later — told us how Pettigrew cornered Black. They say he wa
e sharply. “Nobody but trained Hit Wizards from the Magical Law Enforceme
t trained Hit Wizards from the Magical Law Enforcement Squad would have stood a chance agai
ck once he was cornered. I was Junior Minister in the Department of Magical C
. I was Junior Minister in the Department of Magical Catastrophes at the
 Minister in the Department of Magical Catastrophes at the time, and I was one of 
ettigrew received the Order of Merlin, First Class, which I think was some comfort
eorge had set off half a dozen Dungbombs in a fit of end-of-term high s
ited mutter. “It has happened, My Lord … the Potters have made me the
cept for Ron, who was eating a Peppermint Toad and massaging his stomach, and
d read aloud: Dear Mr. Hagrid, Further to our inquiry into the attack
taken to the Committee for the Disposal of Dangerous Creatures. The he
 Committee for the Disposal of Dangerous Creatures. The hearing will ta
The hearing will take place on April 20th, and we ask you to presen
pervaded the corridors, and by Christmas Eve, it had grown so strong that ev
embering what the woman at the Magical Menagerie had said about rats living onl
middle of the room. Professors Dumbledore, McGonagall, Snape, Sprout, and Flitwick were there, along
re falling with a thud between Professors Snape and McGonagall. Professor Trel
collected the Firebolt and the Broomstick Servicing Kit Hermione had given him for his birthday
ofessor McGonagall was head of Gryffindor House, Harry had seen her in the common roo
 staring after her, the tin of High-Finish Polish still clutched in his hands. R
 school returned shortly after New Year, and Gryffindor Tower became cr
 famous murderer was after his Seeker, Wood said, “But Black couldn’t have
ced magic, Harry — well beyond Ordinary Wizarding Level. It is called the Patron
arding Level. It is called the Patronus Charm.” “How does it work?” sa
 of himself crouching behind a Hagrid-sized figure holding a large club. P
sat finishing a nasty essay on Undetectable Poisons for Snape. Harry looked up. He
 said. “I heard her talking to Professor Vector, that Arithmancy witch, this mo
Care of Magical Creatures! And Ernie McMillan told me she’s never missed a M
 the broom might be carrying a Hurling Hex. I shall tell you once we’
Muggle Studies essay (“Explain Why Muggles Need Electricity”) and at the rune 
actly what was wonderful about Arithmancy, Harry never found out. At that preci
le too, a bit slimmer than the Cleansweeps, reminds me of the old Silver A
nsweeps, reminds me of the old Silver Arrows — a pity they’ve stopped makin
law is playing as Seeker. It’s Cho Chang. She’s a fourth year, an
d scowled his displeasure that Cho Chang had made a full recovery, then
On the other hand, she rides a Comet Two Sixty, which is going to look like a 
 hold the Firebolt. “Now, now, Penny, no sabotage!” said Percy heart
the middle of the field. Their Seeker, Cho Chang, was the only girl on their tea
hing to do with nerves. “Wood, Davies, shake hands,” Madam Hooch said
 national teams at this year’s World Championship —” “Jordan, would you mind tel
kay, Gryffindor in possession, Katie Bell of Gryffindor heading for goal
n a Bludger, hit by one of the Ravenclaw Beaters, came pelting out of nowhere; H
s, but much applause for their Beater from the Ravenclaw end. George
ces now, see it turn — Chang’s Comet is just no match for it, the F
ped lower, narrowly avoiding a Ravenclaw Chaser, scanning the field frantically
umpled heap on the ground were Malfoy, Crabbe, Goyle, and Marcus Flint, the Slytheri
son as George started throwing Peppermint Toads into the crowd. “With a little
rowd. “With a little help from Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot, and Prongs,” Fred muttered in 
read an enormous book entitled Home Life and Social Habits of British M
us book entitled Home Life and Social Habits of British Muggles. Harry brok
Home Life and Social Habits of British Muggles. Harry broke away from
saw —” Glaring suspiciously at Ron, Professor McGonagall pushed the portrait back open 
his hand slowly into the air.  No one in Gryffindor Tower slept 
is bag, slipped the Marauder’s Map into his pocket, and went down
ugged Neville. “Want a game of Exploding Snap?” “Er — not now — I was g
st three hundred of them; from Great Grays right down to tiny little Scop
rays right down to tiny little Scops owls (“Local Deliveries Only”)
tiny little Scops owls (“Local Deliveries Only”), which were so small th
but their pockets bulging with Dungbombs, Hiccup Sweets, Frog Spawn Soap, and a Nose-Biting Teacup apiec
Sweets, Frog Spawn Soap, and a Nose-Biting Teacup apiece. The day was fine and b
ned, if Malfoy said anything — Back into Honeydukes, back down the
 Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot, and Prongs were still shining. An odd, cl
ack to Snape. “It looks like a Zonko product to me —” Right on cue,
s very difficult to read. Dear Hermione, We lost. I’m allowed to bring him
ster. Malfoy staggered. Harry, Ron, Crabbe, and Goyle stood flabbergasted 
 out, we’re experimenting with Cheering Charms today, we’ve already divided i
son. “She could’ve done with a Cheering Charm on her too,” said Ron as the c
sed. “I can’t believe I missed Cheering Charms! And I bet they come up
ation in June will concern the Orb, and I am anxious to give you s
“I do not expect any of you to See when first you peer into the O
you, growing ever closer … the Gr —” “Oh, for goodness’ sake!” s
 you? Didn’t you, Professor? ‘ Around Easter, one of our number will leave u
 thick volumes with names like The Handbook of Hippogriff Psychology and F
ith names like The Handbook of Hippogriff Psychology and Fowl or Foul? A Study of H
k of Hippogriff Psychology and Fowl or Foul? A Study of Hippogriff
y and Fowl or Foul? A Study of Hippogriff Brutality. He was so absorbed,
ions of tactics with Wood. The Gryffindor-Slytherin match would take place on the 
commentator as usual. “Potter, Bell, Johnson, Spinnet, Weasley, Weasley, and Wood. Widely acknowledged 
h, no — Quaffle intercepted by Warrington, Warrington of Slytherin tearing up the fi
! — nice Bludger work there by George Weasley, Warrington drops the Quaffle, it’s caught
 the Quaffle, it’s caught by — Johnson, Gryffindor back in possession, come on, A
 Angelina — nice swerve around Montague — duck, Angelina, that’s a Blu
or back in possession and it’s Katie Bell, Katie Bell for Gryffindor with the Quaffl
T WAS DELIBERATE!” Montague, a Slytherin Chaser, had swerved in front of Katie,
t yet — and if Malfoy saw it — Faking a look of sudden concentration
right ear, hit by the gigantic Slytherin Beater, Derrick. Then again — WHOOSH. 
razed Harry’s elbow. The other Beater, Bole, was closing in. Harry had a fl
arry had a fleeting glimpse of Bole and Derrick zooming toward him
a fleeting glimpse of Bole and Derrick zooming toward him, clubs rais
aaa!” yelled Lee Jordan as the Slytherin Beaters lurched away from each other, 
ed Weasley pelted a Bludger at Warrington, knocking the Quaffle out of hi
he Firebolt was slowing down — Horrified, he looked around. Malfoy had t
toward Angelina, including the Slytherin Keeper — they were all going to block
 was getting ready to take his N.E.W.T.s (Nastily Exhausting Wizarding 
to take his N.E.W.T.s (Nastily Exhausting Wizarding Tests), the highest qualificat
o’clock, Arithmancy 9 o’clock, Transfiguration Lunch 1 o’clock, Charms 1 o’clock, A
h 1 o’clock, Charms 1 o’clock, Ancient Runes “Hermione?” Ron said cautiousl
 either of you seen my copy of Numerology and Gramatica?” “Oh, yeah, I b
 Committee for the Disposal of Dangerous Creatures had had its mind made up for i
 to start studying for Care of Magical Creatures, Potions, and Astronomy. Hagrid presided
rry might, he couldn’t get his Confusing Concoction to thicken, and Snape, standin
trolls outside the entrance to Gryffindor Tower, Professor Trelawney’s words still resoun
” “You — you tap it and say, ‘ Dissendium, ’ ” said Harry. “But —” Hermio
 expect … an’ the executioner, Macnair, he’s an old pal o’ Malfoy’s … 
ped; she was bleeding too; the Willow had cut her across the shoulde
w much he got hurt in return — Perhaps it was the shock of Harry doin
t. And then came a new sound — Muffled footsteps were echoing up thro
ripped his wand convulsively — Do it now! said a voice in his he
ently. “I helped write it. I’m Moony — that was my friends’ nicknam
,” said Black, “by the name of Peter Pettigrew.”  It took a few sec
own to the bed. Then, ignoring Black, Harry turned to Lupin. “There were w
oon to wane again. “Before the Wolfsbane Potion was discovered, however, I bec
d lucky they were, because the Animagus transformation can go horribly
me, no see.” “S — Sirius … R — Remus …” Even Pettigrew’s voice was 
mus,” said Black. “Not at all, Padfoot, old friend,” said Lupin, who w
the knot on the trunk, because Lupin, Pettigrew, and Ron clambered upward witho
hank you, Minister.” “Order of Merlin, Second Class, I’d say. First Class, if I can
, Second Class, I’d say. First Class, if I can wangle it!” “Thank yo
” “As a matter of fact, it was Potter, Weasley, and Granger, Minister. …” “No!
 them, I saw it immediately. A Confundus Charm, to judge by their behavior. Th
too. It was Ron’s rat, he’s an Animagus, Pettigrew, I mean, and —” “You see, Minis
y and got up again. “Professor Dumbledore, Sirius Black —” “For heaven’s sake!” said M
 must insist —” “My apologies, Poppy, but I need a word with Mr. Pot
mbledore abruptly. “Cornelius, Severus, Poppy — please leave us.” “Headmaste
h window from the right of the West Tower. If all goes well, you w
the pumpkin patch. “It’s okay, Beaky, it’s okay … ,” Hagrid said to 
ttee’ s appointed executioner, Walden Macnair …” “Come on, Buckbeak,” Harry 
ps quite close by. Dumbledore, Macnair, Fudge, and the old Committee member w
lties,” Snape was saying. “The Kiss will be performed immediately?
own beds, Hermione tucking the Time-Turner back under her robes. A moment
drawing nearer — “He must have Disapparated, Severus. We should have left s
think the loss of the Order of Merlin hit him hard. So he — er — acc
at had happened the night that Sirius, Buckbeak, and Pettigrew had vanished exc
 Pettigrew had vanished except Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Professor Dumbledore. As t
lot of proposals to make about Magical Law Enforcement!” he told the only
 …” Ron ignored her. “It’s the Quidditch World Cup this summer! How about it, Har
okshanks took the order to the Owl Office for me. I used your name but t
hot butterbeer in one gulp. I, Sirius Black, Harry Potter’s godfather, hereby giv
an the last.  The villagers of Little Hangleton still called it “the Riddle Ho
building for miles around, the Riddle House was now damp, derelict, and un
 derelict, and unoccupied. The Little Hangletons all agreed that the old house 
 causes on the same night. The Hanged Man, the village pub, did a roaring
y silent pub that a man called Frank Bryce had just been arrested. “Frank
several people. “Never!” Frank Bryce was the Riddles’ gardener. He 
 night! No broken windows! All Frank had to do was creep up to the 
orner. “Horrible temper,” said Dot, nodding fervently. “I remember
ver in the neighboring town of Great Hangleton, in the dark and dingy police s
e police say,” said Dot in the Hanged Man. “And if he had any decenc
cold voice. “I — I don’t know, My Lord,” said the first voice ne
pause, and then the man called Wormtail spoke again. “My Lord, may I a
 not a word at all. “The — the Quidditch World Cup, My Lord?” said Wormtail. (Frank d
ened more closely still. “Your Lordship is still determined, then?” Wo
rve. “It could be done without Harry Potter, My Lord.” Another pause, more pro
uch me. …” “No! My devotion to Your Lordship —” “Your devotion is nothing m
one over the plan in my head — My Lord, Bertha Jorkins’s disappearance will n
e who found you. I brought you Bertha Jorkins.” “That is true,” said
 said the voice. “According to Nagini, there is an old Muggle standin
you were coming. Do not lie to Lord Voldemort, Muggle, for he knows … he always knows
urvey the street below. Privet Drive looked exactly as a respectabl
t place. If it hadn’t been for Voldemort, Harry would not have had the lightni
bledore! And I’ll go and check Common Magical Ailments and Afflictions. … Maybe there
 But what would he write? Dear Professor Dumbledore, Sorry to bother you, but my scar hur
 mentioned something about the Quidditch World Cup), and he somehow didn’t wa
-feather quill with ink, wrote Dear Sirius, then paused, wondering how bes
read his finished letter. Dear Sirius, Thanks for your last letter. That bir
t really angry and chucked his PlayStation out of the window. That’s a so
really, now he hasn’t even got Mega-Mutilation Part Three to take his mind off things. I
fore going down to breakfast.  By the time Harry arrived in the 
as hidden behind the morning’s Daily Mail, and Aunt Petunia was cutting a
th a tremulous “There you are, Diddy darling,” Dudley glowered at h
 birthday cakes, one each from Ron, Hermione, Hagrid, and Sirius. Harry still had tw
nnections at the Department of Magical Games and Sports. I do hope you will
 is. Hoping to see Harry soon, Yours sincerely, Molly Weasley P.S. 
e Harry soon, Yours sincerely, Molly Weasley P.S. I do hope we’ve put enoug
tried to stop Harry writing to Sirius, Sirius would think Harry was being mi
ld Harry he couldn’t go to the Quidditch World Cup, Harry would write and tell Sirius, w
 Harry — DAD GOT THE TICKETS — Ireland versus Bulgaria, Monday night.
T THE TICKETS — Ireland versus Bulgaria, Monday night. Mum’s writing to the Mu
is. Thought I’d send this with Pig anyway. Harry stared at the wo
arted work — the Department of International Magical Cooperation. Don’t mention any
. Don’t mention anything about Abroad while you’re here unless you w
our fireplace connected to the Floo Network, you see — just for an afternoo
ve got a useful contact at the Floo Regulation Panel and he fixed it for me. I can 
 anything to do with Weasleys’ Wizard Wheezes —” “Why don’t you show Harry w
r stories. “What are Weasleys’ Wizard Wheezes?” Harry asked as they 
as she expected.” O.W.L.s were Ordinary Wizarding Levels, the examinations Hogwarts stud
s favorite Quidditch team, the Chudley Cannons, were whirling and waving on th
they’ll end up in front of the Improper Use of Magic Office.” Mrs. Weasley
dived headlong into one of the Wellington boots that lay scattered aroun
Magical Games and Sports. Ludo Bagman —” “I like Ludo,” said Mr. Wea
a bit of a favor: His brother, Otto, got into a spot of trouble — a
 happened to them. You realize Bertha Jorkins has been missing for over a mo
 month now? Went on holiday to Albania and never came back?” “Yes, I 
came back?” “Yes, I was asking Ludo about that,” said Mr. Weasley,
isread the map and ended up in Australia instead of Albania. However” —
ur plates at the Department of International Magical Cooperation without trying to find members
ful of potato. “They flattened Peru in the semifinals.” “Bulgaria 
semifinals.” “Bulgaria has got Viktor Krum, though,” said Fred. “Krum’s on
on Privet Drive. “Went down to Transylvania, three hundred and ninety to te
ly. “Shocking performance. And Wales lost to Uganda, and Scotland w
performance. And Wales lost to Uganda, and Scotland was slaughtered b
 And Wales lost to Uganda, and Scotland was slaughtered by Luxembourg.
mbourg.” Harry had been on the Gryffindor House Quidditch team ever since his first year
le a huge yawn. “Well, they’re Apparating, aren’t they?” said Mrs. Weasle
 his jeans. “The Department of Magical Transportation had to fine a couple of people
hout a license. It’s not easy, Apparition, and when it’s not done properl
ng. “He failed the first time, Apparated five miles south of where he m
up what were unmistakably more Ton-Tongue Toffees. “We told you to get r
, and it was only by using her Summoning Charm that Mrs. Weasley managed to f
ook back or answer. “I’ll send Bill, Charlie, and Percy along around midday,
o. There have been two hundred Portkeys placed at strategic points aro
 one to us is up at the top of Stoatshead Hill, so that’s where we’re headed.”
ass rose beyond the village of Ottery St. Catchpole. “What sort of o
ot in his other hand. “This is Amos Diggory, everyone,” said Mr. Weasley. “
rks for the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatur
artment for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures. And I th
 was Captain and Seeker of the Hufflepuff House Quidditch team at Hogwarts. “Hi,” said C
h team at Hogwarts. “Hi,” said Cedric, looking around at them all. Ev
ed about you, of course,” said Amos Diggory. “Told us all about pl
ear. … I said to him, I said — Ced, that’ll be something to tell y
 for any more, Amos?” “No, the Lovegoods have been there for a week alr
ere for a week already and the Fawcetts couldn’t get tickets,” said Mr
e. “You just need to touch the Portkey, that’s all, a finger will do —
 ground. “Seven past five from Stoatshead Hill,” said a voice.  Harry di
l. “Hello there, Arthur,” said Basil wearily. “Not on duty, eh? It’
zon. They said good-bye to the Diggorys and approached the cottage doo
und talking about Bludgers and Quaffles at the top of his voice, not a
And he was the best Beater the Wimbourne Wasps ever had.” They trudged up the
 clearly tried to make them as Muggle-like as possible, but had slipped u
tle witches, barely older than Kevin, who were riding toy broomstick
igan. “You should see what the Bulgarians have got dangling all over the
tch of tents upheld, where the Bulgarian flag — white, green, and red —
one. “Krum!” said Ron. “Viktor Krum, the Bulgarian Seeker!” “He loo
ne, looking around at the many Krums blinking and scowling at them.
king and scowling at them. “ ‘ Really grumpy’?” Ron raised his eyes 
asperation. “Just put them on, Archie, there’s a good chap. You can’t
he had just been signed to the Puddlemere United reserve team. Next they were h
 greatly interested. “That was Cuthbert Mockridge, Head of the Goblin Liaison Office. 
uthbert Mockridge, Head of the Goblin Liaison Office. … Here comes Gilbert W
n Liaison Office. … Here comes Gilbert Wimple; he’s with the Committe
le; he’s with the Committee on Experimental Charms; he’s had those horns f
orns for a while now. … Hello, Arnie … Arnold Peasegood, he’s an Ob
e now. … Hello, Arnie … Arnold Peasegood, he’s an Obliviator — member of
ie … Arnold Peasegood, he’s an Obliviator — member of the Accidental Mag
 Squad, you know. … and that’s Bode and Croaker … they’re Unspeaka
ou know. … and that’s Bode and Croaker … they’re Unspeakables. …” “Th
what?” “From the Department of Mysteries, top secret, no idea what they 
ed (probably broken by a stray Bludger, Harry thought), but his round blue e
tly his disapproval of the way Ludo Bagman ran his department did not pre
 George, sorry — that’s Fred — Bill, Charlie, Ron — my daughter, Ginny — and Ron
black robes. “I’ve already got Roddy Pontner betting me Bulgaria will score
y got Roddy Pontner betting me Bulgaria will score first — I offered h
’ve seen in years — and little Agatha Timms has put up half shares in her 
se? I’m keeping an eye out for Barty Crouch. My Bulgarian opposite 
 over two hundred! Mermish and Gobbledegook and Troll …” “Anyone can speak
! Mermish and Gobbledegook and Troll …” “Anyone can speak Troll,” s
 handed Bagman his tea. “Barty Crouch keeps saying that,” said Bagma
rawled on the grass in his old Wasp robes. Barty Crouch was a stif
dd another twelve seats to the Top Box.” “Oh is that what they’re
imes: Carpets are defined as a Muggle Artifact by the Registry of Proscribed 
ed as a Muggle Artifact by the Registry of Proscribed Charmable Object
le Artifact by the Registry of Proscribed Charmable Objects, but will he listen?” “I doubt 
remember my grandfather had an Axminster that could seat twelve — but t
 he said. “You’ll be up in the Top Box with me — I’m commentating!” H
— I’m commentating!” He waved, Barty Crouch nodded curtly, and both of the
ll find out soon enough,” said Mr.Weasley, smiling. “It’s classified info
ved; there were tiny models of Firebolts that really flew, and collecti
as,” Harry told him, thrusting Omnioculars into his and Hermione’s hands.
nd Mr. Weasley was carrying an Irish flag. Fred and George had no s
of them. “Come on, let’s go!”  Clutching their purchases, Mr. Weasley i
working on it all year. Muggle Repelling Charms on every inch of it. Every tim
s the field. The Bluebottle: A Broom for All the Family — safe, rel
luebottle: A Broom for All the Family — safe, reliable, and with Bui
ily — safe, reliable, and with Built-in Anti-Burglar Buzzer … Mrs. Skower’s All-Purpose Ma
Burglar Buzzer … Mrs. Skower’s All-Purpose Magical Mess Remover: No Pain, No Stain! … 
rpose Magical Mess Remover: No Pain, No Stain! … Gladrags Wizardwear —
 No Pain, No Stain! … Gladrags Wizardwear — London, Paris, Hogsmeade … H
Stain! … Gladrags Wizardwear — London, Paris, Hogsmeade … Harry tore his eyes away fro
 not brightly lit. “My name is Winky, sir — and you, sir —” Her dark
introduce you to Mr. Oblansk — Obalonsk — Mr. — well, he’s the Bulgari
balonsk — Mr. — well, he’s the Bulgarian Minister of Magic, and he can’t underst
us contribution to St. Mungo’s Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injur
on to St. Mungo’s Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries, Arthur. He’s her
pital for Magical Maladies and Injuries, Arthur. He’s here as my guest.
 Bott’s Every Flavor Beans — A Risk With Every Mouthful!) and now showed BULG
o, allow me to introduce … the Bulgarian National Team Mascots!” The right-hand side 
our wands in the air … for the Irish National Team Mascots!” Next moment, what se
entlemen, kindly welcome — the Bulgarian National Quidditch Team! I give you — Dimitrov!” 
. “And now, please greet — the Irish National Quidditch Team!” yelled Bagman. “Present
 Egypt, our referee, acclaimed Chairwizard of the International Associati
, acclaimed Chairwizard of the International Association of Quidditch, Hassan Mostafa!”
e International Association of Quidditch, Hassan Mostafa!” A small and skinny w
to normal, watching closely as Mostafa mounted his broomstick and kic
gainst his eardrums. Hawkshead Attacking Formation, he read as he watched the thre
e read as he watched the three Irish Chasers zoom closely together, Troy in
Chasers zoom closely together, Troy in the center, slightly ahead 
 the center, slightly ahead of Mullet and Moran, bearing down upon t
, slightly ahead of Mullet and Moran, bearing down upon the Bulgaria
 upon the Bulgarians. Porskoff Ploy flashed up next, as Troy made 
 the Quaffle, drawing away the Bulgarian Chaser Ivanova and dropping the Quaffle to Mo
e Quaffle to Moran. One of the Bulgarian Beaters, Volkov, swung hard at a passing Bludge
r and dropped the Quaffle; and Levski, soaring beneath, caught it — “
ed quickly over the top of his Omni-oculars and saw that the leprechauns w
r, but more brutal. Volkov and Vulchanov, the Bulgarian Beaters, were wh
tal. Volkov and Vulchanov, the Bulgarian Beaters, were whacking the Bludgers as 
to scatter, and then, finally, Ivanova managed to break through their
sand wizards gasped as the two Seekers, Krum and Lynch, plummeted through t
d as the two Seekers, Krum and Lynch, plummeted through the center o
urry onto the field to examine Aidan Lynch!” “He’ll be okay, he onl
 again in slow motion. Wronski Defensive Feint — dangerous Seeker diversion r
fle tightly under her arm, the Bulgarian Keeper, Zograf, flew out to meet her. Whatever
a foul. “And Mostafa takes the Bulgarian Keeper to task for cobbing — excessiv
 crowd howled with anger. “And Volkov and Vulchanov had better get b
rechauns. Watching through his Omnioculars, Harry saw that they didn’t look remo
e speed of a bullet. “Levski — Dimitrov — Moran — Troy — Mullet — Ivan
ad the Quaffle, now Dimitrov — The Irish Beater Quigley swung heavily at a passing Blu
here was blood everywhere, but Hassan Mostafa didn’t blow his whistle. He ha
 even though he was supporting Ireland, Krum was the most exciting player o
 Lynch!” Harry yelled. For the Irish Seeker had suddenly gone into a dive,
as quite sure that this was no Wronski Feint; this was the real thing
see thousands and thousands of Omniocular lenses flashing and winking in
he grinned happily as Troy and Quigley lifted the Cup into the air an
trouble. The crowd beneath the Roberts family was coming ever closer.
rned and said quickly, “Où est Madame Maxime? Nous l’avons perdue —”
mione. “You know … Beauxbatons Academy of Magic … I read about it in 
 of Magic … I read about it in An Appraisal of Magical Education in Europe
ad about it in An Appraisal of Magical Education in Europe. ” “Oh … yeah … righ
white and terrified. “It’s the Dark Mark, Harry!” Hermione moaned, pulli
been able to —” “Where did the Mark come from, you three?” said Mr
Diggory, Cedric’s father. “Our Stunners went right through those trees
 So that’s clause three of the Code of Wand Use broken, for a star
’s clause three of the Code of Wand Use broken, for a start. No non-hu
hen there was another pop, and Ludo Bagman Apparated right next to Mr. Weasley. Loo
ver conjured it. It scared the Death Eaters away the moment they saw it. T
ask any of them. We caught the Robertses before they hit the ground, th
Eaters?” said Harry. “What are Death Eaters?” “It’s what You-Know-W
the Death Eaters, why did they Disapparate when they saw the Dark Mark?” 
erson who did it hadn’t been a Death Eater once, even if they’re not now.
 insisted on pouring a shot of Ogdens Old Firewhiskey, Bill handed his father the newspape
ted in paragraph twelve of the Guidelines for the Treatment of Non-Wizar
elve of the Guidelines for the Treatment of Non-Wizard Part-Humans —” “
uidelines for the Treatment of Non-Wizard Part-Humans —” “Do us a favor, Perce,” sai
r. Weasley. “Listen to this: ‘ If the terrified wizards and witc
ooked out of the window at the Hedwig-free sky. “Come and have a game of 
 all week. People keep sending Howlers, and of course, if you don’t op
e-bedroomed tent with en-suite Jacuzzi, but I’ve got his number. I kno
 father for what that wretched Skeeter woman wrote!” said Mrs. Weasle
 Dad hadn’t said anything, old Rita would just have said it was di
interviewed all the Gringotts’ Charm Breakers once, and called me ‘a long-ha
 of excitement. “Bung him some Owl Treats,” said Ron, throwing a 
hut him up.” Harry poked a few Owl Treats through the bars of Pigwidgeon
Magic lot all setting off — if Rita Skeeter gets hold of this one, Arthur 
this one, Arthur —” “What does Mad-Eye say happened?” asked Mr. Weasl
y calling hurried good-byes to Bill, Charlie, Percy, and the girls. Within five min
 into work with him. He was an Auror — one of the best … a Dark wiz
nsported overexcited owls, and Pigwidgeon was making an earsplitting rac
, and by the time they entered London, Harry, Ron, and Hermione were all severely
he rules —” “What rules?” said Harry, Ron, Fred, and George together. “I’m sure
ually considered sending me to Durmstrang rather than Hogwarts, you know
 Dumbledore — the man’s such a Mudblood-lover — and Durmstrang doesn’t admit
raisal of Magical Education in Europe, it puts a lot of emphasis on t
 magic schools. Durmstrang and Beauxbatons like to conceal their whereabo
, shrugging, “or it might have Muggle-repelling charms on it, like the World C
nding it, they’ll have made it Unplottable —” “Come again?” “Well, you ca
 Harry bought a large stack of Cauldron Cakes for them to share. Several of 
 and started trying to learn a Summoning Charm. Neville listened jealou
ed out the miniature figure of Viktor Krum. “Oh wow, ” said Neville 
ry and you don’t even know? My God, my father told me about it age
st years traditionally reached Hogwarts Castle by sailing across the lake wit
 down here at ONCE!” Professor McGonagall, Deputy Headmistress and head of Gryffindor House, 
ng students; at the top of the Hall, the staff sat along one side o
 A thousand years or more ago, When I was newly sewn, There lived 
 lived four wizards of renown, Whose names are still well known: Bo
ld Gryffindor, from wild moor, Fair Ravenclaw, from glen, Sweet Hufflepuff, f
or, Fair Ravenclaw, from glen, Sweet Hufflepuff, from valley broad, Shrewd Slyt
Hufflepuff, from valley broad, Shrewd Slytherin, from fen. They shared a wish, 
lan To educate young sorcerers Thus Hogwarts School began. Now each of these four 
ow each of these four founders Formed their own house, for each Did 
rmed their own house, for each Did value different virtues In the
y Gryffindor, the bravest were Prized far beyond the rest; For Raven
; For Ravenclaw, the cleverest Would always be the best; For Huffle
 Hufflepuff, hard workers were Most worthy of admission; And power
of admission; And power-hungry Slytherin Loved those of great ambition. While
eir favorites from the throng, Yet how to pick the worthy ones Wh
LAW!” shouted the hat. Stewart Ackerley took off the hat and hurried i
y caught a glimpse of Cho, the Ravenclaw Seeker, cheering Stewart Ackerley as h
the Ravenclaw Seeker, cheering Stewart Ackerley as he sat down. For a fleeting
y could see Malfoy clapping as Baddock joined the Slytherins. Harry w
 other. Fred and George hissed Malcolm Baddock as he sat down. “Branstone, El
PUFF!” “Creevey, Dennis!” Tiny Dennis Creevey staggered forward, tripping ov
nt squid, Dennis!” “Wow!” said Dennis, as though nobody in their wild
y hard at the Sorting Hat, now Sorting Emma Dobbs. The Sorting continued; 
do we?” Gryffindor had won the Inter-House Championship for the last three years in a 
 year been extended to include Screaming Yo-yos, Fanged Frisbees, and Ever-Bashing Boomerangs. T
g Yo-yos, Fanged Frisbees, and Ever-Bashing Boomerangs. The full list comp
ul duty to inform you that the Inter-House Quidditch Cup will not take place this year.
” Ron whispered back, watching Moody with fascination. Moody seemed
ere still gazing transfixed at Mad-Eye Moody, “we are to have the honor of h
leasure to inform you that the Triwizard Tournament will be taking place at Hogwar
peration and Magical Games and Sports have decided the time is ripe 
most worthy to compete for the Triwizard Cup, the glory of their school, and
ere if you don’t move.” Harry, Ron, Hermione, Fred, and George set off for the ent
 I reckon a couple of drops of Aging Potion might do it, George. …” “Dumbl
creaming … he had just won the Triwizard Tournament. … Cho’s face stood
hing. On the other side of the Hall Draco Malfoy’s eagle owl had landed 
selves of pimples.” “Like poor Eloise Midgen,” said Hannah Abbott, a
Like poor Eloise Midgen,” said Hannah Abbott, a Hufflepuff, in a hushed voic
they won’ want ter miss this — Blast-Ended Skrewts!” “Come again?” said R
urgh” just about summed up the Blast-Ended Skrewts in Harry’s opinion. They looke
 this news. “I was saying that Saturn was surely in a position of po
ation of angles. “I’ve got two Neptunes here,” said Harry after a whil
one’s that, Professor?” “It is Uranus, my dear,” said Professor Trela
ching up with them. “Professor Vector didn’t give us any at all!” “W
 are not yet at an end, writes Rita Skeeter, Special Correspondent. Recently under 
ent yesterday by the antics of Arnold Weasley, of the Misuse of Muggle Artifa
. Moody started to limp toward Crabbe, Goyle, and the ferret, which gave a t
ed Hermione teaching Neville a Scouring Charm to remove the frog guts from u
desk, took out their copies of The Dark Forces: A Guide to Self-Protec
 Caps, hinkypunks, grindylows, Kappas, and werewolves, is that right?
 about one. … Is it called the Imperius Curse, or something?” “Ah, yes,” said
ot of trouble at one time, the Imperius Curse.” Moody got heavily to h
on Neville. “There’s one — the Cruciatus Curse,” said Neville in a smal
 Moody, looking at her. “Avada Kedavra, ” Hermione whispered. Several 
and worst. Avada Kedavra … the Killing Curse.” He put his hand into t
un … Voldemort had advanced on Lily Potter, told her to move aside so that
n. “Now … those three curses — Avada Kedavra, Imperius, and Cruciatus — are known as t
d Cruciatus — are known as the Unforgivable Curses. The use of any one of 
d them, and they turned to see Professor Moody limping toward them. All four 
Moody, doesn’t he? When he did Avada Kedavra, the way that spider just died,
 now raised the subject of the Unforgivable Curses himself. “Wouldn’t Moody and D
” He held up the book: Magical Water Plants of the Mediterranean. “Apparen
 “It’s S-P-E-W. Stands for the Society for the Promotion of Elfish We
Stands for the Society for the Promotion of Elfish Welfare.” “Never hea
e Society for the Promotion of Elfish Welfare.” “Never heard of it,”
one hotly. “I was going to put Stop the Outrageous Abuse of Our Fe
. “I was going to put Stop the Outrageous Abuse of Our Fellow Magical Creature
t Stop the Outrageous Abuse of Our Fellow Magical Creatures and Campaign for a Change in T
r Fellow Magical Creatures and Campaign for a Change in Their Legal St
l Creatures and Campaign for a Change in Their Legal Status — but it
s and Campaign for a Change in Their Legal Status — but it wouldn’t fit. So that
not the only one lying awake.  Early next morning, Harry woke with 
 proposed this with the air of Father Christmas pulling an extra-large toy out
to greet our guests before the Welcoming Feast. “Only a week away!” sai
ou can’t even perform a simple Switching Spell in front of anyone from Durmst
f them were injured during the Tournament of 1792, when a cockatrice the
ook’s not entirely reliable. A Revised History of Hogwarts would be a more ac
be a more accurate title. Or A Highly Biased and Selective History of Hogwa
 title. Or A Highly Biased and Selective History of Hogwarts, Which Glosses Ove
iased and Selective History of Hogwarts, Which Glosses Over the Nastier Aspects of the Sch
gwarts, Which Glosses Over the Nastier Aspects of the School. ” “What are you
 further discussions about the Tri-wizard Tournament, Harry read out Sirius’s letter in a 
Hogwarts.” “Dumbly-dorr,” said Madame Maxime in a deep voice. “I ’ope I fin
ve looks on their faces. “ ’As Karkaroff arrived yet?” Madame Maxime as
Karkaroff arrived yet?” Madame Maxime asked. “He should be here any 
their seats. Last in line were Professor Dumbledore, Professor Karkaroff, and Madame Maxime. When their 
. “Bless you,” said Ron. “It’s French, ” said Hermione, “I had it on 
o not know them, Mr. Bartemius Crouch, Head of the Department of Internati
olite applause — “and Mr. Ludo Bagman, Head of the Department of Magical G
d they will be joining myself, Professor Karkaroff, and Madame Maxime on the panel
 by an impartial selector: the Goblet of Fire.” Dumbledore now took 
bledore, “I will be drawing an Age Line around the Goblet of Fire once
 Age Line around the Goblet of Fire once it has been placed in the
d. Good night to you all.” “An Age Line!” Fred Weasley said, his 
 you’ve got anything to say to Potter, Karkaroff, you might want to move. You’re
rey. She is already tending to Miss Fawcett, of Ravenclaw, and Mr. Summers,
at her. “Yeah, better you than Pretty-Boy Diggory,” said Seamus, causing
ive!” “We’ve been really busy, Hag —” Hermione started to say, bu
xbatons,” said Dumbledore, “is Fleur Delacour!” “It’s her, Ron!” Ha
heir heads on their arms. When Fleur Delacour too had vanished into the side
 whispering in his ear. Viktor Krum, Cedric Diggory, and Fleur Delacour were groupe
, staring into the fire. Fleur Delacour looked around when Harry walke
d said, “Oh, vairy funny joke, Meester Bagman.” “Joke?” Bagman repeat
ollowed closely by Mr. Crouch, Professor Karkaroff, Madame Maxime, Professor McGonagall, and Professor Snape. Harry hea
ore, they will do. …” “Ah, but Dumbly-dorr —” “My dear Madame Maxime, if 
 to test your daring,” he told Harry, Cedric, Fleur, and Viktor, “so we are not goi
 the moment. … I’ve left young Weatherby in charge. … Very enthusiastic
le witch indignantly. “No, no, Vi, it’s the password,” said the F
friend of the Fat Lady’s, that Violet, she’s already told us all Dumb
 been sure would believe him.  When Harry woke up on Sunday morning, it 
 Hermione. They went up to the Owlery Hermione gave Harry a piece of parchmen
all and wrote his letter. Dear Sirius, You told me to keep you posted on 
 know if you’ve heard, but the Tri-wizard Tournament’s happening this ye
into the ink bottle and wrote, Hope you’re okay, and Buckbeak — Ha
ted, perhaps, by the fact that Hufflepuff House very rarely got any glory, and
ven though they were repotting Bouncing Bulbs at the same tray — though they
, both at Quidditch and in the Inter-House Championship. But he had hoped
nwhile there was no reply from Sirius, Hedwig was refusing to come anywhere 
 usual, and he did so badly at Summoning Charms in Professor Flitwick’s class 
port CEDRIC DIGGORY — The REAL Hogwarts Champion “Like them, Potter?” said Malf
ch glowed green: POTTER STINKS The Slytherins howled with laughter. Each of 
wn down past her collar. Pansy Parkinson and the other Slytherin girls 
 If only he knew how to do the Cruciatus Curse … he’d have Snape flat on his 
 won’t mind, Harry, if I use a Quick-Quotes Quill? It leaves me free to ta
lightly. “Testing … my name is Rita Skeeter, Daily Prophet reporter.” Harry looked down q
denly vanished from the box of Magical Mess Remover, and Rita’s clawed fingers were
 discuss the matter later. The Weighing of the Wands is about to start
ter later. The Weighing of the Wands is about to start, and it cann
d.” Very glad to get away from Rita Skeeter, Harry hurried back into the room. Th
five judges were now sitting — Professor Karkaroff, Madame Maxime, Mr. Crouch, and Ludo Bagman. R
 her knee, suck the end of the Quick-Quotes Quill, and place it once more on the 
aid Mr. Ollivander, “this is a Gregorovitch creation, unless I’m much mist
 at him if he couldn’t do that Wonky-Faint thing —” “Wronski Feint,” said
village, most of them sporting Support Cedric Diggory! badges, but no horrib
e grumpily as they came out of Honeydukes Sweetshop later, eating large cream-fill
 bewitch them to make them say Support Harry Potter! instead. So far, howev
feet, you know! I’ve seen this Horntail do forty!” “Is’n’ it beautiful
hey shouted in unison, and the Stunning Spells shot into the darkness like fi
y now — we put them out with a Sleeping Draft on the way here, thought it mi
nkled black eyelid. “This is a Hungarian Horntail,” said Charlie. “Ther
ail,” said Charlie. “There’s a Common Welsh Green over there, the smaller one — 
ver there, the smaller one — a Swedish Short-Snout, that blue-gray — and a Chinese
-Snout, that blue-gray — and a Chinese Fireball, that’s the red.” Charlie looke
l be on hand if it gets nasty, Extinguishing Spells at the ready. They wanted nest
was going to be an age limit!’ She was in floods after that Daily
ort Cedric Diggory! badges the Creeveys had been trying to improve wer
t being sneered at — and about Ron, Ron not believing him, Ron’s jealo
’ve been keeping an eye on the Daily Prophet, Harry —” “— you and the rest of the 
rry. Don’t be tempted to try a Stunning Spell — dragons are strong and too p
 to be knocked out by a single Stunner, you need about half a dozen wi
was by Sirius’s warnings about Karkaroff, Hermione still thought that the dragons
ng through the large pile. “ ‘ Talon-clipping by charms … treating scale-rot
t to keep them healthy. …” “ ‘ Dragons are extremely difficult to sla
werful spells can penetrate …’ But Sirius said a simple one would do it.
n,” said Harry, throwing aside Men Who Love Dragons Too Much. He returned to the table
at his elbow. “Well, there are Switching Spells … but what’s the point of Swit
ugh a dragon’s hide. … I’d say Transfigure it, but something that big, yo
d hopelessly down the index of Basic Hexes for the Busy and Vexed. Instan
e index of Basic Hexes for the Busy and Vexed. Instant scalping … 
icking up a copy of A Guide to Advanced Transfiguration that was now splattered with i
hem clearly in focus. “Like my Dark Detectors, do you?” said Moody, who was w
ng’s a traditional part of the Tri-wizard Tournament and always has been.” “I didn’
 over the top of the quivering Flutterby Bush she was pruning. “Hermione, I 
 perfect model of a dragon — a Welsh Green. It had the number two a
rum. He pulled out the scarlet Chinese Fireball. It had a number thre
he silk bag and pulled out the Hungarian Horntail, and the number four. It stretc
r he was doing to get past the Swedish Short-Snout. Krum was still st
the entrance to the enclosure, Professor McGonagall, Professor Moody, and Hagrid hurrying to meet hi
 did this weird thing where he Transfigured a rock on the ground … turned 
, by the time they entered the Owlery Ron was saying that they ought to 
 had let off some Filibuster’s Fireworks, so that the air was thick with
 went up to the dormitory with Ron, Neville, Seamus, and Dean. Before he pulled the
eally, dragons. … The start of December brought wind and sleet to Hogw
 sting and tightened it. “Rita Skeeter, Daily Prophet reporter,” Rita replied, beami
 We could feature these — er — Bang-Ended Scoots.” “Blast-Ended Skrewts,
n of the various ways in which Pluto could disrupt everyday life. “
r. “What are we now, then, the House-Elf Liberation Front? I’m not barging into th
lume of her crying. “And then, Harry Potter, Dobby goes to visit Winky, and finds
y help! I is looking after the Crouches all my life, and my mother is 
th examples, the ways in which Transforming Spells must be adapted when performin
ust be adapted when performing Cross-Species Switches”). The bell was due t
ething to say to you all. “The Yule Ball is approaching — a traditional
will start at eight o’clock on Christmas Day, finishing at midnight in the G
sters. Exactly who or what the Weird Sisters were Harry didn’t know, never 
istening to the WWN (Wizarding Wireless Network) that they were a very
ing to Harry about the perfect Summoning Charm Harry had used during the first task
hat?” Harry said as he watched Joey Jenkins of the Cannons belt a Bludger 
annons belt a Bludger toward a Ballycastle Bats Chaser. “That egg!” Hermione h
ther go alone than with — with Eloise Midgen, say.” “Her acne’s loads better
was quite something to hear “O Come, All Ye Faithful” sung by an empty hel
said Hermione loftily. “Eloise Midgen starting to look quite pretty 
rth, and hoping very much that Padma Patil’s nose was dead center. 
Patil’s nose was dead center.  Despite the very heavy load of homewor
with everyone else. Gryffindor Tower was hardly less crowded now th
had a great success with their Canary Creams, and for the first couple of da
reme caution, in case it had a Canary Cream concealed in the center, and G
snow, and Harry read out: Dear Harry, Congratulations on getting past the Horntail. 
 now! I was going to suggest a Conjunctivitis Curse, as a dragon’s eyes are its wea
t them on. His yell had awoken Ron, Seamus, Dean, and Neville. All of them were 
 had given Harry a book called Quidditch Teams of Britain and Ireland; Ron, a
rry’s favorites: Bertie Bott’s Every Flavor Beans, Chocolate Frogs, Drooble’s Best Blowing Gum, an
rooble’s Best Blowing Gum, and Fizzing Whizbees. There was also, of c
hem look more manly, he used a Severing Charm on the ruff and cuffs. It work
 satin, and accompanied by the Ravenclaw Quidditch captain, Roger Davies. When th
e Ravenclaw Quidditch captain, Roger Davies. When they had disappea
d sat down. Fleur Delacour and Roger Davies stationed themselves nearest t
eryone else was settled in the Hall, Professor McGonagall told the champions and their p
vior of that house-elf of his, Blinky, or whatever she was called. Na
alls of the Great Hall. “At ze Palace of Beauxbatons, we ’ave ice sc
asn’t he asked you to call him Vicky yet?” Hermione looked at him i
or Dumbledore was dancing with Professor Sprout, Ludo Bagman with Professor McGonagall; Mad
 up in his absence — you heard Ali Bashir was caught smuggling a consign
ve been trying to persuade the Transylvanians to sign the International Ban 
the Transylvanians to sign the International Ban on Dueling. I’ve got a meeting
t a meeting with their Head of Magical Cooperation in the new year —” “Let’s go f
 to the left of that statue of Boris the Bewildered on the fifth fl
ft of that statue of Boris the Bewildered on the fifth floor. Password’s
loor. Password’s ‘pine fresh.’ Gotta go … want to say good night —”
int much better than Ron had.  Everybody got up late on Boxing Day. The
had.  Everybody got up late on Boxing Day. The Gryffindor common roo
liberal amounts of Sleekeazy’s Hair Potion on it for the ball, “but it’s 
udly. “He is indisposed,” said Professor Grubbly-Plank shortly. Soft and unpleasant l
What’s up with him?” Professor Grubbly-Plank acted as though she couldn’t h
ptember of this year, he hired Alastor “Mad-Eye” Moody, the notorious
s none other than the giantess Fridwulfa, whose whereabouts are currentl
st-Not-Be-Named were killed by Aurors working against the Dark Side,
 by Aurors working against the Dark Side, Fridwulfa was not among them. It is poss
e’d just swallowed a bottle of Skele-Gro when he was young. … None of t
miniature arm under his bed on Boxing Day, which had looked very much as 
f a small model figure wearing Bulgarian Quidditch robes. Harry kept his eyes ski
id all the way down the slushy High Street, and suggested a visit to the T
hey … er … they’re looking for Barry Crouch.” “Why are they looking
people looking, of course …” ( About time, thought Harry) “and it’s
 or something? Society for the Protection of Ugly Goblins?” “Ha, ha, ha,
 Society for the Protection of Ugly Goblins?” “Ha, ha, ha,” said H
o a bit of digging? ‘Disgraced Ex-Head of Magical Games and Sports, L
d Ex-Head of Magical Games and Sports, Ludo Bagman …’ Snappy start to a sentence,
mes and Sports, Ludo Bagman …’ Snappy start to a sentence, Bozo — we
…’ Snappy start to a sentence, Bozo — we just need to find a story
r Dumbledore. “My own brother, Aberforth, was prosecuted for practicing 
ic’s hint was worth anything.  As Harry had no idea how long a bath he
lly to be heard sobbing in the S-bend of a toilet three floors below
taken what you’ll sorely miss, An hour long you’ll have to look,
n hour — the prospect’s black, Too late, it’s gone, it won’t come
 there waiting for them. Olive Hornby came into the bathroom — ‘Are 
beled “Severus Snape” … it was Bartemius Crouch. Harry stared at the do
it was too far away to reach — Pulling the cloak back over himself Ha
 jolt. Moody could see through Invisibility Cloaks … he alone could see the full 
hing?” said Moody, drawing the Marauders Map out of his pocket and unfoldin
he Summoning Charm today — the Banishing Charm. Owing to the potential 
yes alight with interest as he Banished a cushion with a sweep of his 
in — Harry had explained about Aqua-Lungs, and Ron couldn’t see why Harry
uldn’t see why Harry shouldn’t Summon one from the nearest Muggle to
ged to learn how to operate an Aqua-Lung within the set limit of an hou
 disqualified for breaking the International Code of Wizarding Secrecy — it was 
king the International Code of Wizarding Secrecy — it was too much to hope that
dry up puddles and ponds, that Drought Charm, but that was nowhere near powe
 poring over the tiny print of Olde and Forgotten Bewitchments and
ver the tiny print of Olde and Forgotten Bewitchments and Charmes with her nose abou
and Forgotten Bewitchments and Charmes with her nose about an inch fr
d Harry, resting, facedown, on Saucy Tricks for Tricky Sorts. “I should’ve
 facedown, on Saucy Tricks for Tricky Sorts. “I should’ve learned to
ow squinting down the index of Weird Wizarding Dilemmas and Their Solutions. “Professo
rself with the Improper Use of Magic Office … what animal you become, and 
” Hermione said, snapping shut Weird Wizarding Dilemmas. “Who on earth wants 
o search. There was nothing in Madcap Magic for Wacky Warlocks … nothing i
as nothing in Madcap Magic for Wacky Warlocks … nothing in A Guide to Mediev
rlocks … nothing in A Guide to Medieval Sorcery … not one mention of underwate
tion of underwater exploits in An Anthology of Eighteenth-Century Charms, 
er exploits in An Anthology of Eighteenth-Century Charms, or in Dreadful Denizens of the
ghteenth-Century Charms, or in Dreadful Denizens of the Deep, or Powers You Nev
or in Dreadful Denizens of the Deep, or Powers You Never Knew You H
adful Denizens of the Deep, or Powers You Never Knew You Had and What to Do with Them Now Y
ew You Had and What to Do with Them Now You’ve Wised Up. Crookshanks c
hat to Do with Them Now You’ve Wised Up. Crookshanks crawled into H
o the pages of Where There’s a Wand, There’s a Way. He sat up, stra
 go into the lake and find his Wheezy —” “Find my what?” “— and take
time’s half gone, so tarry not Lest what you seek stays here to ro
 to hack at her bindings too — At once, several pairs of strong 
see Madam Pomfrey fussing over Hermione, Krum, Cedric, and Cho, all of whom were wrap
ndylows … zey attacked me … oh Gabrielle, I thought … I thought …” “Come
 our decision. Merchieftainess Murcus has told us exactly what happe
onstrated excellent use of the Bubble-Head Charm, was attacked by grindylows as 
limit of an hour. However, the Merchieftainess informs us that Mr. Potter was
-fourth. … Next time he was in Hogsmeade, Harry decided as he walked back up t
dden up my sleeve,” he assured Padma Patil, who seemed to be a lot keener 
piece entitled: Harry Potter’s Secret Heartache A boy like no other, perhaps —
ce in his steady girlfriend at Hogwarts, Muggle-born Hermione Granger. Little did he know th
nce the arrival at Hogwarts of Viktor Krum, Bulgarian Seeker and hero of the last World Qui
an Seeker and hero of the last World Quidditch Cup, Miss Granger has been toying with both boys
, still giggling, as she threw Witch Weekly onto the empty chair beside he
ents they would need for their Wit-Sharpening Potion. “There’s something fun
y. “You haven’t been mixing up Love Potions, have you?” “Don’t be stupid,” 
lete honesty this time. “It is Veritaserum — a Truth Potion so powerful t
s time. “It is Veritaserum — a Truth Potion so powerful that three drops w
he lunch table. They went into Gladrags Wizardwear to buy a present for Dobby, wh
oarsely after removing the old Daily Prophets from his mouth and throwing th
o: The first bore the headline Mystery Illness of Bartemius Crouch, the secon
he headline Mystery Illness of Bartemius Crouch, the second, Ministry Witch Sti
 Bartemius Crouch, the second, Ministry Witch Still Missing — Minister of Magic Now Person
ch Still Missing — Minister of Magic Now Personally Involved. Harry scanned the st
t he used to be Beater for the Wimbourne Wasps,” said Sirius, still pac
o be Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement, didn’t you know?” Harry, Ron, 
ticking off names. “Rosier and Wilkes — they were both killed by Aur
ear before Voldemort fell. The Lestranges — they’re a married couple — t
t me among yourselves, call me Snuffles, okay?” He handed Harry the emp
htly again and then said, “M — Master is stopped — hic — coming?” “Y
f the Daily Prophet. You are a WickEd giRL. HarRy PotTER desErves Be
 find a big enough envelope. ’ Blimey, she’d better watch out for her
herin girls. Catching sight of Harry, Pansy called, “Potter, have you spli
an’ yeh should be put down.’ ‘ Yer mother killed innocent people 
ly knew all about the supposed Harry-Krum-Hermione triangle now. Harry was gettin
. Harry had such a bad case of Twitchy Ears, he had to hold his hands clamp
she comes back with a box of I Hate Rita Skeeter badges?” said Ron. Hermione, h
. Finally, in the last week of May, Professor McGonagall held him back in Transfigurati
n with Viktor Krum, the famous International Quidditch player. It was as though the e
t the Quidditch World Cup. The Wronski Feint, you really —” But something mo
ld bring me that memo from the Andorran Minister of Magic, I think I will have 
 — I don’t reckon he was up to Disapparating or anything.” “You can’t Disap
h — no, wait for it — and then Stunned himself!” “And Mr. Crouch evap
 what’s this rubbish, Potter?’ Why couldn’t he have just got out 
 window through which Fred and Georges owl had departed, then said, “
f for the third task. Practice Stunning and Disarming. A few hexes wou
y Sirius is right, and someone Stunned Krum to kidnap Crouch. Well, they w
he fifth time in a row. “Let’s Stun her for a bit. Or you could us
er for a bit. Or you could use Dobby, Harry, I bet he’d do anything to help
cushions they had used for the Banishing Spell, which Flitwick had left in a c
d we don’t have to worry about Disarming, because he’s been able to do t
 of this one,” she said, “this Impediment Curse. Should slow down anythi
taring at it, “Pear Drop. Er — Licorice Wand. Fizzing Whizbee. Drooble
nd. Fizzing Whizbee. Drooble’s Best Blowing Gum. Bertie Bott’s Every Flavo
s the voice of the Minister of Magic, Cornelius Fudge. “Ludo says Bertha’s per
The sword had once belonged to Godric Gryffindor, founder of Harry’s House. He w
 that it was Karkaroff. Unlike Dumbledore, Karkaroff looked much younger; his hair 
drew a deep breath. “There was Antonin Dolohov,” he said. “I — I saw 
Dumbledore. “No — no more than Rosier deserved!” said Karkaroff, a r
s!” said Karkaroff. “There was Travers — he helped murder the McKinno
 piece of parchment. “Augustus Rookwood of the Department of Mysteries
nformation —” “But Travers and Mulciber we have,” said Mr. Crouch. “Ve
s clearly at the height of his Quidditch-playing fitness. His nose wasn’t broke
n brought here in front of the Council of Magical Law to answer charg
in the Quidditch match against Turkey last Saturday,” the witch said
ccused of capturing an Auror — Frank Longbottom — and subjecting him to the Cr
ng hands on either side of the Pensieve and swirled it, rather as a go
only said I’d seen him kissing Florence behind the greenhouses last Th
ed with disappearances. Bertha Jorkins has vanished without a trace i
s, bothered to find out … “The Longbottoms were very popular,” said Dumbl
 Ron excitedly, attempting the Impediment Curse on a wasp that had buzzed into
wn and obstruct attackers; the Reductor Curse, which would enable him to blas
bjects out of his way; and the Four-Point Spell, a useful discovery of Hermione
 still having trouble with the Shield Charm, though. This was supposed to c
 shatter it with a well-placed Jelly-Legs Jinx, and Harry wobbled around the r
and possibly dangerous, writes Rita Skeeter, Special Correspondent . Alarming evidence has recent
 facts about Harry Potter that Albus Dumbledore, Headmaster of Hogwarts, has carefully con
e against the Horntail.” Fleur Delacour, Harry noticed, was eyeing Bill with 
,” she said. “He got caught by Apollyon Pringle — he was the caretaker in thos
“they’re all called stuff like Bodrod the Bearded and Urg the Unclea
l called stuff like Bodrod the Bearded and Urg the Unclean; it wasn’t
ff like Bodrod the Bearded and Urg the Unclean; it wasn’t hard.” 
off out of the Great Hall with Cedric, Fleur, and Viktor. “Feeling all right
re starting to appear. Hagrid, Professor Moody, Professor McGonagall, and Professor Flitwick came wa
pplause. “And in third place — Miss Fleur Delacour, of Beauxbatons Academy!” Harry
ld just make out Mrs. Weasley, Bill, Ron, and Hermione applauding Fleur 
 reached a second fork. “Point Me, ” he whispered to his wand, ho
st seen Krum do. The use of an Unforgivable Curse on a fellow human being meant 
 person who lives in disguise, Who deals in secrets and tells nau
 give me the sound often heard During the search for a hard-to-find 
 together, and answer me this, Which creature would you be unwillin
s; his immediate thought was a Blast-Ended Skrewt, but something told him that wa
taller, had much longer legs — Then Harry saw something immense over a h
Expelliarmus!” It worked — the Disarming Spell made the spider drop him, but 
h enclosed Tom Riddle’s grave, Harry, Voldemort, and the sobbing and twitching 
of commoners, of Mudbloods and Muggles, Albus Dumbledore?” At the mention of
 to take the lead in a spot of Muggle-torture, I believe? Yet you never tried
 there was a place, deep in an Albanian forest, that they avoided, whe
hielding Harry from his gaze — And Harry ran as he had never run in his
oldemort scream. Ten feet from Cedric, Harry dived behind a marble angel to
the smooth, cold handle of the Tri-wizard Cup and Cedric’s body. He felt as 
e in the stands. …” “I’ll take Harry, Dumbledore, I’ll take him —” “No, I would 
oggy shapes were moving in the Foe-Glass on the wall. “You were so long
y obstacles out of your way. I Stunned Fleur Delacour as she passed. I put the Imper
ere Moody’s face had been, saw Albus Dumbledore, Professor Snape, and Professor McGonagall looki
tained an assortment of broken Sneako-scopes, some parchment and quills, and
o the office floor. “Polyjuice Potion, Harry,” said Dumbledore. “You 
out a piercing shriek. “Master Barty, Master Barty, what is you doing here?” She f
s, in which the reflections of Dumbledore, Snape, and McGonagall were still glar
head, trembling. “Say no more, Master Barty, say no more, you is getting yo
for my good behavior.” “Master Barty, Master Barty,” sobbed Winky through h
urnament. She told him the old Auror, Moody, was going to teach at Hogwarts
come down here; we need to get Alastor Moody into the hospital wing. Then g
 revived Voldemort; he saw the Death Eaters Apparating between the graves around them
 was an arrested look. “Priori Incantatem, ” he muttered. His eyes gazed 
anding shot between them. “The Reverse Spell effect?” said Sirius sharply. 
ng to the dormitory tonight. A Sleeping Potion, and some peace … Sirius, would
ajamas, and got into bed. Ron, Hermione, Bill, Mrs. Weasley, and the black do
Harry opened his eyes blearily Someone had removed his glasses. He co
u,” said Dumbledore, “we heard Barry Crouch confess. Under the influence o
ng for the Ministry!” “Avery — Nott — Crabbe — Goyle —” “You are m
ne of the bravest and greatest Ministers of Magic we have ever known. F
 off at once. You are to alert Remus Lupin, Arabella Figg, Mundungus Fletcher — the old crowd. Lie low at Lu
er — the old crowd. Lie low at Lupins for a while; I will contact yo
vet Drive. He was dreading the Leaving Feast, which was usually a cause for 
winning House’s colors for the Leaving Feast. Tonight, however, there
udents, to Viktor Krum and the Durmstrangs at the Slytherin table. Krum, 
,” said Hermione. “I’ve put an Unbreakable Charm on the jar, you see, so she ca
ark Lord’s back! Mudbloods and Muggle-lovers first! Well — second — Diggory
 down at Crabbe. “Who used the Furnunculus Curse?” “Me,” said Harry. “Odd
lled the door shut. “Exploding Snap, anyone?” said Fred, pulling ou
ing on, doubt he knows who the Prime Minister is! Anyway, it’s not as if the
rry listened to a jingle about Fruit ’N Bran breakfast cereal while
ned to a jingle about Fruit ’N Bran breakfast cereal while he watc
at-loving old lady from nearby Wisteria Walk, amble slowly past. She was fro
uring his evening walks around Little Whinging; he had spent most of
daymakers fill airports as the Spanish baggage-handlers’ strike reach
 by news on the drought in the Southeast (“I hope he’s listening next d
d almost crashed in a field in Surrey, then a famous actress’s divorc
newsreader said, “And finally, Bungy the budgie has found a novel w
ummer. Bungy, who lives at the Five Feathers in Barnsley, has learned to wa
 lives at the Five Feathers in Barnsley, has learned to water-ski! Mary
has learned to water-ski! Mary Dorkins went to find out more...” Harr
 Vernon, waving at Mrs. Number Seven, who was glaring from behind he
 been near him as he lay among Aunt Petunias dying begonias, he was sure of
Magnolia Crescent, turned into Magnolia Road, and headed toward the darkenin
 his reward was to be stuck in Little Whinging for four solid weeks, complete
Dudley had recently become the Junior Heavyweight Inter-School Boxing Champion of the Southeast. “The noble s
g Magnolia Road. There you go, Sirius, Harry thought dully. Nothing rash. K
toward the park gate. Magnolia Road, like Privet Drive, was full of
 the others. “Nice right hook, Big D,” said Piers. “Same time tom
 cousin. “But you’ll always be Ickle Diddykins to me.” “I said, SHUT IT!” sai
r ten-year-old? I know you did Mark Evans two nights ago —” “He was aski
legs? ’Cause that’s not cheek, Dud, that’s true …” A muscle was tw
 between Magnolia Crescent and Wisteria Walk. It was empty and much da
 that thing out —” “Running to Daddy now, are you? Is his ickle box
 his own lungs, drowning him — Think … something happy... But there
 around? Oh, I’m going to kill Mundungus Fletcher!”  “What?” said Harry
lk. “Never mind the Statute of Secrecy now, there’s going to be hell 
ligence that you performed the Patronus Charm at twenty-three minutes past n
es past nine this evening in a Muggle-inhabited area and in the presence of a 
OT SURRENDER YOUR WAND. Arthur Weasley Dumbledore was trying to sort it all out.
me, Vernon, look! Mrs. Petunia Dursley, The Kitchen, Number Four, Privet Drive —” She caught her breath, horr
y leg. “Take these straight to Sirius, Ron, and Hermione and don’t come ba
for him; had his breach of the International Statute of Secrecy been severe enough 
ey’d been short-listed for the All-England Best-Kept Suburban Lawn Competition. They’re heading o
known for a year. “And this is Nymphadora —” “Don’t call me Nymphadora, 
th a shudder. “It’s Tonks.” “— Nymphadora Tonks, who prefers to be known by her
” muttered Tonks. “And this is Kingsley Shacklebolt” — he indicated th
oiced wizard nodded — “Dedalus Diggle —” “We’ve met before,” squeake
ggle, dropping his top hat. “— Emmeline Vance” — a stately looking wit
raw-colored hair winked — “and Hestia Jones.” A pink-cheeked, black-
uggles?” said the witch called Tonks, who was looking around the kit
ays you’re a good flier,” said Kingsley Shacklebolt in his deep voice. “He’s excel
s born one. I got top marks in Concealment and Disguise during Auror trai
t top marks in Concealment and Disguise during Auror training without 
d a year ago. Nearly failed on Stealth and Tracking, I’m dead clumsy,
. Nearly failed on Stealth and Tracking, I’m dead clumsy, did you hear 
 with a bit of cleaning, too — Scourgify —” She pointed her wand at Hed
made Harry feel sick. Kingsley Shacklebolt and Sturgis Podmore were exami
sick. Kingsley Shacklebolt and Sturgis Podmore were examining the microwave a
re examining the microwave and Hestia Jones was laughing at a potato peele
 him with his wand. “I need to Disillusion you.” “You need to what?” said
ightly in the moonlight... Now Emmeline Vance was on his right, her wand out
ed over him, to be replaced by Sturgis Podmore... “We ought to double
ce of parchment toward Harry’s Disillusioned hand and holding his lit wand 
adquarters of the Order of the Phoenix may be found at number twelve,
may be found at number twelve, Grimmauld Place, London.  “What’s the Order of 
ck this time and knew that the Disillusionment Charm must have lifted. “Now stay st
d as though it belonged to the Darkest of wizards? “Mrs. Weasley, why
“Fred and George have invented Extendable Ears, see,” said Ron. “They’re reall
ear you.” “You two passed your Apparation tests, then?” asked Harry grum
le Ears, she’s gone and put an Imperturbable Charm on the kitchen door.” “How d’y
b at Gringotts to eemprove ’er Eeenglish —” “— and Bill’s been giving h
aid George, “but he’s still in Romania, Dumbledore wants as many foreign wizards 
ormed a superior. But you know Percy, Crouch left him in charge, he wasn’t 
 only a year out of Hogwarts — Junior Assistant to the Minister. He expected D
stairs. “Uh-oh.” Fred gave the Extendable Ear a hearty tug; there was anothe
 “I thought it might have been Kreacher, he keeps doing odd things like
e Society for the Promotion of Elfish Welfare, and it’s not just me, Dumbledo
 his least favorite teacher at Hogwarts, Professor Snape. Harry leaned farther ov
a month but we think she put a Permanent Sticking Charm on the back of the canvas. Let
d-Eye didn’t make you come via Greenland, then?” “He tried,” said Tonks,
g mournfully at him. “Seen old Figgy since?” he asked. “No,” said H
that anyone else did. Opposite Harry, Tonks was entertaining Hermione and 
ou still not had any luck with Ragnok, Bill?” “He’s feeling pretty an
he rest of Bill’s words. Fred, George, Ron, and Mundungus were rolling aro
’e says to me, ’e says, ‘’ere, Dung, where didja get all them toads
 you know, Will nicked ’em orf Warty Harris in the first place so I wasn’t
 on the last three words. Ron, Hermione, Fred, and George’s heads turned from
ple wanted him to take it when Millicent Bagnold retired. Fudge came to power i
looking around at Mr. Weasley, Sirius, Bill, Mundungus, Lupin, and Tonks. “You’re letting peo
hat he’d been voted out of the Chairmanship of the International Confedera
turn. They’ve demoted him from Chief Warlock on the Wizengamot — that’s the
 him from Chief Warlock on the Wizengamot — that’s the Wizard High Court
on the Wizengamot — that’s the Wizard High Court — and they’re talking about ta
” she added, looking around at Fred, George, Ron, and Hermione. “You can’t boss 
g they told us, from using the Extendable Ears. The only new bit was —” 
n’t hear about that on the old Extendables, did we?” “What d’you reckon it
he receiving end of one of her Bat-Bogey Hexes, have you?” “Shhh!” said Fred, 
round these that Mrs. Weasley, Hermione, Ginny, Fred, and George were grouped, all l
n Gilderoy Lockhart’s Guide to Household Pests, which was lying open on the so
riment with doxy venom for our Skiving Snack-boxes,” George told Harr
you eat the orange half of the Puking Pastilles, you throw up. Moment you’ve be
ke it in turns. George did the Fainting Fancies — we both tried the Nosebleed 
ng Fancies — we both tried the Nosebleed Nougat —” “Mum thought we’d been duel
y Mistress’s house, oh my poor Mistress, if she knew, if she knew the s
urprise. “Kreacher did not see Young Master,” he said, turning arou
hat’s that boy who stopped the Dark Lord, Kreacher wonders how he did it —” “Don’
o the kitchen. At the sight of Sirius, Kreacher flung himself into a ridiculou
ar as Harry could tell) to the Middle Ages. Large words at the very 
en I got a place of my own, my Uncle Alphard had left me a decent bit of go
. But I bet my parents thought Regulus was a right little hero for jo
ked at this for years. There’s Phineas Nigellus … my great-great-grandfather, 
master Hogwarts ever had … and Araminta Meliflua … cousin of my mother’s … trie
r’s … tried to force through a Ministry Bill to make Muggle-hunting legal …
hrough a Ministry Bill to make Muggle-hunting legal … and dear Aunt Elladora
uggle-hunting legal … and dear Aunt Elladora … she started the family tradi
rprised. “Oh yeah, her mother, Andromeda, was my favorite cousin,” said 
d burn mark between two names, Bellatrix and Narcissa. “Andromeda’s sis
iages, but Andromeda married a Muggle-born, Ted Tonks, so —” Sirius mimed blasting th
line of gold embroidery linked Narcissa Black with Lucius Malfoy, and a sing
 connected by a double line to Rodolphus Lestrange. “Lestrange …” Harry
e voice. “Rodolphus’s brother, Rabastan, was with them too.” And Harry 
 Harry remembered: He had seen Bellatrix Lestrange inside Dumbledore’s Pensieve, 
very security measure known to Wizard-kind on it when he lived here. It’s
g its skin to normal, “must be Wartcap powder in there.” He threw the
ession can work wonders.” Ron, Hermione, Fred, George, and Ginny all stopped talking 
n he saw Mr. and Mrs. Weasley, Sirius, Lupin, and Tonks sitting there almost
“The hearing’s on my floor, in Amelia Bones’s office. She’s Head of 
id Sirius grimly, “I’ll see to Amelia Bones for you...” Harry smiled weakl
mouthpiece to his ear, “Arthur Weasley, Misuse of Muggle Artifacts Office, he
was a square silver badge with Harry Potter, Disciplinary Hearing on it. He pinned it to the fro
dded to the pops and cracks of Apparators and the clatter of footsteps a
it read: All proceeds from the Fountain of Magical Brethren will be gi
 proceeds from the Fountain of Magical Brethren will be given to St. Mungo’s H
pital for Magical Maladies and Injuries If I’m not expelled from Hogwarts
from Hogwarts, I’ll put in ten Galleons, Harry found himself thinking despera
s like a serious breach of the Ban on Experimental Breeding to me
a serious breach of the Ban on Experimental Breeding to me.” With a great jangling 
 incorporating the British and Irish Quidditch League Headquarters, Official Gobstones Club, and Ludicrous Patents Office.”
, Official Gobstones Club, and Ludicrous Patents Office.” The lift doors opened
aid, “Level six, Department of Magical Transport, incorporating the Floo Network
l Transport, incorporating the Floo Network Authority, Broom Regulatory Control, Portkey Office, and Apparation Test Center.” O
y Control, Portkey Office, and Apparation Test Center.” Once again the lift d
he edges of their wings. “Just Interdepartmental memos,” Mr. Weasley muttered t
Cooperation, incorporating the International Magical Trading Standards Body, the International Magical Offi
al Trading Standards Body, the International Magical Office of Law, and the International 
nternational Magical Office of Law, and the International Confeder
International Confederation of Wizards, British Seats.” When the doors opened,
gical Creatures, incorporating Beast, Being, and Spirit Divisions, Goblin L
ncorporating Beast, Being, and Spirit Divisions, Goblin Liaison Office, and Pest Advisory Bureau.” “ ’
ns, Goblin Liaison Office, and Pest Advisory Bureau.” “ ’S’cuse,” said the 
n. “Level three, Department of Magical Accidents and Catastrophes, including th
tment of Magical Accidents and Catastrophes, including the Accidental Magic
nd Catastrophes, including the Accidental Magic Reversal Squad, Obliviator Headquarters, and Muggle-Worthy Excuse Commi
, Obliviator Headquarters, and Muggle-Worthy Excuse Committee.” Everybody left the
 including the Improper Use of Magic Office, Auror Headquarters, and Wizengamot Administration 
ffice, Auror Headquarters, and Wizengamot Administration Services.” “This is us, Harry,
are enchanted windows; Magical Maintenance decide what weather we’re gett
 — papered the walls. The only Sirius-free space was a map of the world i
 a copy of a magazine entitled The Quibbler from its midst, “yes …” He fli
ting public toilet reported in Bethnal Green, kindly investigate immediately
 “We had two last week, one in Wimbledon, one in Elephant and Castle. Mu
week, one in Wimbledon, one in Elephant and Castle. Muggles are pullin
 Aurors, it’ll be the ordinary Magical Law Enforcement Patrol — ah, Harry, this is Perkins.”
clock now and it’s down in old Courtroom Ten —” “Down in old — but they tol
national Statute of Secrecy by Harry James Potter, resident at number four, Prive
tter, resident at number four, Privet Drive, Little Whinging, Surrey. “Interrogators: Cornel
rey. “Interrogators: Cornelius Oswald Fudge, Minister of Magic; Amelia Susan Bones, 
dge, Minister of Magic; Amelia Susan Bones, Head of the Department of Magical L
gical Law Enforcement; Dolores Jane Umbridge, Senior Undersecretary to the Minister. Court Scribe,
cretary to the Minister. Court Scribe, Percy Ignatius Weasley —” “— Witness for the defense,
, Percy Ignatius Weasley —” “— Witness for the defense, Albus Perciva
—” “— Witness for the defense, Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore,” said a quiet voic
e of the —” “Impressive,” said Madam Bones, staring down at him, “a true P
 “but I am sure that under the Wizengamot Charter of Rights, the accused has the
nder the Wizengamot Charter of Rights, the accused has the right to p
he policy of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement, Madam Bones?” he continued, addressi
ry edge of her seat. “Arabella Doreen Figg,” said Mrs. Figg in her q
 on a long sticky tongue. “The Chair recognizes Dolores Jane Umbrid
 tongue. “The Chair recognizes Dolores Jane Umbridge, Senior Undersecretary to the Minister,” said Fudge. 
f on the way to that toilet in Bethnal Green. Come on...” “So what wi
 he pressed the button for the Atrium and the doors clanged shut; he
h he too was smiling. “Listen, Sirius, Lucius Malfoy was at the Ministry —” “What?”
rade 5, by Miranda Goshawk and Defensive Magical Theory, by Wilbert Slinkhard.” Crack. 
d Defensive Magical Theory, by Wilbert Slinkhard.” Crack. Fred and Ge
rt Slinkhard.” Crack. Fred and George Apparated right beside Harry. He was so 
ust wondering who assigned the Slinkhard book,” said Fred conversationa
t a sit-down dinner,” she told Harry, Ron, Hermione, Fred, George, and Ginny as they entered the 
 Fred rolled his eyes. Sirius, Lupin, Tonks, and Kingsley Shacklebolt were 
mpletely stationary. “Venomous Tentacula seeds,” said George. “We need 
 George. “We need them for the Skiving Snackboxes but they’re a Class C Non-Trad
ackboxes but they’re a Class C Non-Tradeable Substance so we’ve been having a bit of 
ry, lads, but I’m not taking a Knut under twenty.” “Dung likes his
 Fred. “Mum’s busy cooing over Prefect Ron, we’re okay.” “But Moody could 
ed to another family row and a Percy-like estrangement? Would Mrs. Weasl
 Invisibility Cloak, seeing as Podmore hasn’t had the manners to retu
gle on the other side … That’s Marlene McKinnon, she was killed two weeks after
whole family. That’s Frank and Alice Longbottom —” Harry’s stomach, already un
able, clenched as he looked at Alice Longbottom; he knew her round,
ere’s Lupin, obviously … Benjy Fenwick, he copped it too, we only ever
uld move to the front. “That’s Edgar Bones … brother of Amelia Bones, the
imey, he looks young … Caradoc Dearborn, vanished six months after this
tly the same as ever … Elphias Doge, you’ve met him, I’d forgotten 
 wear that stupid hat … Gideon Prewett, it took five Death Eaters to k
rs to kill him and his brother Fabian, they fought like heroes … budg
et him, strange bloke … That’s Dorcas Meadowes, Voldemort killed her personally … Sirius
ho had been found in bits, and Gideon Prewett, who had died like a hero, and 
gage... Oh, for heaven’s sake, Sirius, Dumbledore said no!” A bearlike black dog
y pursed her lips in an almost Aunt Petunia-ish way. It took them twenty minut
ved beside him. The figures of Tonks, Lupin, Moody, and Mr. and Mrs. Weasley shran
room in this one, there’s only Loony Lovegood in here —” Neville mumbled som
 and sat down. The girl called Luna watched them over her upside-d
ofessor Sprout. My great-uncle Algie got it for me in Assyria. I’m 
le was doing. Neville held the Mimbulus mimbletonia up to his eyes, hi
lenses of his glasses with his Trevor-free hand. A very pretty girl with 
he doorway smiling at him: Cho Chang, the Seeker on the Ravenclaw Qu
out her wand. “Scourgify!” The Stinksap vanished. “Sorry,” said Nevill
and Neville had finished their Pumpkin Pasties and were busy swapping Chocola
erly, stuffing the rest of the Frog into his mouth and taking anot
bbott,” said Ron thickly. “And Anthony Goldstein and Padma Patil for Ravenclaw,
ce. Everyone turned to look at Luna Lovegood, who was gazing un-blinkingly a
The cartoon was captioned: How Far Will Fudge Go to Gain Gringotts? Beneath thi
oned: How Far Will Fudge Go to Gain Gringotts? Beneath this were l
 THE QUIDDITCH LEAGUE: How the Tornados Are Taking Control SECRETS OF THE ANCIENT RUNES R
 on the article read: SIRIUS - Black As He’s Painted? Notorious Mass M
ack As He’s Painted? Notorious Mass Murderer OR Innocent Singing Sensation?
ed? Notorious Mass Murderer OR Innocent Singing Sensation? Harry had to read t
sent to Azkaban. In fact, says Doris Purkiss, of 18 Acanthia Way, Little Nor
act, says Doris Purkiss, of 18 Acanthia Way, Little Norton, Black may not even have been present
to be Sirius Black is actually Stubby Boardman, lead singer of the popular sin
r of the popular singing group The Hobgoblins, who retired from public life a
ar by a turnip at a concert in Little Norton Church Hall nearly fifteen years ago. I re
his picture in the paper. Now, Stubby couldn’t possibly have committ
o take over the running of the Wizarding Bank, Gringotts, when he was elected Minister o
he read an accusation that the Tutshill Tornados were winning the Quidditch Lea
hill Tornados were winning the Quidditch League by a combination of blackmail,
to have flown to the moon on a Cleansweep Six and brought back a bag of moon
 out and leave us alone.” Ron, Hermione, Ginny, and Neville laughed. Malfoy’s 
hat if he had deduced that the Weasleys, Lupin, Tonks, and Moody knew where Sirius wa
in complete darkness. Hogwarts Castle, however, loomed ever closer: a
rry said very quietly, so that Neville, Parvati, and Lavender could not hear, “
inent, pouchy eyes. “It’s that Umbridge woman!” “Who?” said Hermione. 
In times of old when I was new And Hogwarts barely started The founders of
e founders of our noble school Thought never to be parted: United by 
never did they dream that they Might someday be divided, For were t
re there such friends anywhere As Slytherin and Gryffndor? Unless it was t
 Unless it was the second pair Of Huffepuff and Ravenclaw? So how could it
claw, “We’ll teach those whose Intelligence is surest.” Said Gryffindor, “
ad A House in which they might Take only those they wanted, so, Fo
they wanted, so, For instance, Slytherin Took only pure-blood wizards Of gre
nd only those of sharpest mind Were taught by Ravenclaw While the 
f sharpest mind Were taught by Ravenclaw While the bravest and the boldest We
le the bravest and the boldest Went to daring Gryffindor. Good Huf
 And taught them all she knew, Thus the Houses and their founders 
 the Houses and their founders Retained friendships firm and true. So 
ut then discord crept among us Feeding on our faults and fears. The H
ouses that, like pillars four, Had once held up our school, Now t
, Had once held up our school, Now turned upon each other and, Di
ow turned upon each other and, Divided, sought to rule. And for a whil
ur Were whittled down to three Have the Houses been united As they
now the score: I sort you into Houses Because that is what I’m for, But this
But this year I’ll go further, Listen closely to my song: Though con
gh condemned I am to split you Still I worry that it’s wrong, Thoug
Still I worry that it’s wrong, Though I must fulfill my duty And mus
Still I wonder whether sorting May not bring the end I fear. Oh, 
 For our Hogwarts is in danger From external, deadly foes And we m
looked for by each of the four Hogwarts Houses and its own role in sorting th
he rest of Gryffindor House as Euan Abercrombie staggered to their table and s
re also delighted to introduce Professor Umbridge, our new Defense Against the Da
riends. A few seats along from Cho, Luna Lovegood had got out The Quibbler again
ombie looked petrified, nudged Euan, and whispered something in his
red something in his ear. Euan Abercrombie looked equally frightened and 
nsuring that his poster of the Kenmare Kestrels Quidditch team was quite straight. Then 
 extra gold? ————————————————— Contact Fred and George Weasley, Gryffindor
————————————— Contact Fred and George Weasley, Gryffindor common room, for simple, part-
Ron. “History of Magic, double Potions, Divination, and double Defense Against the
Against the Dark Arts … Binns, Snape, Trelawney, and that Umbridge woman all in
ar, you’ll be begging us for a Snackbox before long.” “And why would s
“Tears and tantrums … Patricia Stimpson kept coming over faint...” “Ke
coming over faint...” “Kenneth Towler came out in boils, d’you remem
cently. “That’s ’cause you put Bulbadox Powder in his pajamas,” said George. 
Ron. “ ‘Ask us no questions …’ Does that mean they’ve already got 
r by herself to ask her to the Yule Ball. “Hi,” said Harry, feelin
right, you know...” “Is that a Tornados badge?” Ron demanded suddenly,
izarding Level: the Draught of Peace, a potion to calm anxiety and s
 the silver ladder that led to Sibyll Trelawney’s classroom when the
he tables before you copies of The Dream Oracle, by Inigo Imago. Dream interpre
copies of The Dream Oracle, by Inigo Imago. Dream interpretation is
of divination. If you have the Seeing Eye, certificates and grades matter
the introduction and read what Imago has to say on the matter of dr
fessor Trelawney or the stupid Dream Oracle to tell him that... “Well, I h
oking up bits of dreams in the Oracle and Harry was not cheered up w
efense Against the Dark Arts A Return to Basic Principles. “Well now
inst the Dark Arts A Return to Basic Principles. “Well now, your te
 not seem to have followed any Ministry-approved curriculum, has unfortunately 
ad not even opened her copy of Defensive Magical Theory. She was staring fixedl
 defensive spells?” “Are you a Ministry-trained educational expert, Miss Grang
g several inkwells. “Why, it’s Potty Wee Potter!” cackled Peeves, allow
“What is it this time, my fine Potty friend? Hearing voices? Seeing
indly and think he’s just sad, But Peevesy knows better and says that he’
te her and helped himself to a Ginger Newt, feeling just as confused and w
an than usual. “Misbehavior in Dolores Umbridge’s class could cost yo
inting him out of her office.  Dinner in the Great Hall that night w
red’s clipboard and the bag of Fancies back into his arms and stalked
ce. So … today we are starting Vanishing Spells. These are easier than 
 Spells. These are easier than Conjuring Spells, which you would not usually at
s quite right; Harry found the Vanishing Spells horribly difficult. By the end
ething highly amusing, because Crabbe, Goyle, Pansy Parkinson, and the rest continued to snig
ere were no such things as the Blibbering Humdinger or the Crumple-Horned Snorkack
he Blibbering Humdinger or the Crumple-Horned Snorkack!” “Well, they were ri
the bowtruckle, and meanwhile, Professors McGonagall, Grubbly-Plank, and Sinistra gave them yet mor
McGonagall, Grubbly-Plank, and Sinistra gave them yet more homework, w
was lurking behind a statue of Lachlan the Lanky, clutching his broom
behind a statue of Lachlan the Lanky, clutching his broomstick. He g
 and attempted to hide his new Cleansweep Eleven behind his back. “What are you
. “I-I thought I’d try out for Gryffindor Keeper now I’ve got a decent broom. T
red, and George always made me Keep for them when they were traini
wed today, to be honest. Vicky Frobisher and Geoffrey Hooper both flew 
be honest. Vicky Frobisher and Geoffrey Hooper both flew better this evening,
t if training clashed with her Charm Club she’d put Charms first. Anyway
utely upon the parchment. Dear Snuffles, Hope you’re okay, the first week ba
ext person to pass the bust of Paracelsus halfway down the corridor.” “D
 the Quidditch pitch at last — Something brushed his ankles. He looked 
isappearing behind a statue of Wilfred the Wistful. “I’m not doing an
ne were holding half each. “ ‘ The Ministry of Magic has received a tip-of
is Podmore, 38, of number two, Laburnum Gardens, Clapham, has appeared in front of the W
Ministry of Magic watch-wizard Eric Munch, who found him attempting to fo
hed, isn’t he? He’s one of the Ord —” “Ron, shh!” said Hermione, 
ackle that essay for Sprout on Self-Fertilizing Shrubs first, and if we’re lucky we’l
 be able to start McGonagall’s Inanimatus Conjurus before lunch...” Harry felt a 
drawl. “Why would anyone put a Flying Charm on a moldy old log like that?”
 shortly. Harry turned and saw Angelina, Fred, and George all flying as fast 
 — er — might have swallowed a Blood Blisterpod by mistake —” “Well, there’s n
ly. “Jupiter’s biggest moon is Ganymede, not Callisto,” she said, point
his Astronomy essay, “and it’s Io that’s got the volcanos.” “Tha
 the outside of the scroll: To Ronald Weasley, Gryffindor House, Hogwarts. He looked up at the 
ng you, I urge you to speak to Dolores Umbridge, a really delightful woman, who
ow may be very well placed for Head Boyship in a couple of years! I am sor
ecoming prefect. Your brother, Percy Harry looked up at Ron. “Well,” he s
f Witchcraft and Wizardry. “ ‘ The Minister has been growing uneasy about 
’ said Junior Assistant to the Minister, Percy Weasley. ‘ He is now respondin
ol. As recently as August 30th Educational Decree Twenty-two was passed, to ensure that, in
formalized with the passing of Educational Decree Twenty-three, which creates the new position
 creates the new position of ‘ Hogwarts High Inquisitor. ’ “ ‘ This is an e
 at Hogwarts,’ said Weasley. ‘ The Inquisitor will have powers to inspect he
 Malfoy, 41, speaking from his Wiltshire mansion last night. ‘Many of u
ncluded the hiring of werewolf Remus Lupin, half giant Rubeus Hagrid, and 
e, that Albus Dumbledore, once Supreme Mugwump of the International Confedera
I think the appointment of the Inquisitor is a first step toward ensurin
last night. “Wizengamot elders Griselda Marchbanks and Tiberius Ogden have resign
elders Griselda Marchbanks and Tiberius Ogden have resigned in protest at th
mes before acting on them. His Strengthening Solution was not precisely the clear tu
been wafting about handing out Dream Oracles, look round. “Good afternoon, P
 Ron chortled as he opened his Dream Oracle. “Okay, we’ve got to ad
randdaughter of the celebrated Seer Cassandra Trelawney?” “Yes,” said Profes
 commence chapter two, ‘Common Defensive Theories and Their Derivation.’ There w
laint, Potter! And as for you, Miss Johnson, you will confine your shouting
ar — assuming, of course, that Professor Hagrid does not return?” “Oh, I’ll ta
anyone who complains about the High Inquisitor gets sacked immediately?” Ron 
ended to be perusing a page of Asiatic Anti-Venoms, because he did not want to say
n he could not pretend to find Asiatic anti-venoms interesting much l
ut defending ourselves against V-Voldemort — oh, don’t be pathetic, Ron —
eturning to the diagram of the Chinese Chomping Cabbage she was copying, “I don’t thin
 accident) Luna Lovegood; then Katie Bell, Alicia Spinnet, and Angelina Johnson, Colin an
atie Bell, Alicia Spinnet, and Angelina Johnson, Colin and Dennis Creevey, Ernie Macm
nd Angelina Johnson, Colin and Dennis Creevey, Ernie Macmillan, Justin Finch-Fletchley, Hannah Abbott, and a Hufflepuff girl with a l
he was pretty sure were called Anthony Goldstein, Michael Corner, and Terry Boot; Ginny, followe
guely as being a member of the Hufflepuff Quidditch team, and bringing up the rear
.W.L. too though, I bet?” said Michael Corner. “Of course I do,” said
want to be properly trained in Defense because … because …” She took 
opped butterbeer down herself, Terry Boot gave a kind of involuntary twi
Who’s back?” he asked, looking Zacharias straight in the face. “I saw h
hem left their seats, not even Zacharias Smith, though he continued to gaze in
group at large, “he saved that Sorcerous Stone —” “Sorcerer’s,” hissed Hermio
 the dragon, you didn’t,” said Michael Corner at once. “That was a seriously
 glowering after the figure of Smith just discernible in the distan
 paused outside Scrivenshaft’s Quill Shop, where there was a handsome dis
d over fifteen Sickles and two Knuts, Ron still breathing down her neck.
 work on a new move called the Sloth Grip Roll during that night’s Quidditch 
HE HIGH INQUISITOR OF HOGWARTS All Student Organizations, Societies, Teams, Groups, and Clubs are henceforth disba
 Societies, Teams, Groups, and Clubs are henceforth disbanded. An O
s are henceforth disbanded. An Organization, Society, Team, Group, or Club is hereby defined as a
tion, Society, Team, Group, or Club is hereby defined as a regular
sitor (Professor Umbridge). No Student Organization, Society, Team, Group, or Club may exist without the 
he above is in accordance with Educational Decree Number Twenty-four. Signed: Dolores J
r Twenty-four. Signed: Dolores Jane Umbridge HIGH INQUISITOR Harry and Ron 
 barely taken their seats when Neville, Dean, Fred, George, and Ginny descended upon them.
ondon” to mean “number twelve, Grimmauld Place” by the way her eyebrows
oints from Gryffindor. Release Longbottom, Potter, or it will be detention. Insid
r. “We are continuing with our Strengthening Solutions today, you will find your mixt
o teach them a potion like the Strengthening Solution. I think the Ministry
e with eyes too clouded by the Mundane to See as I See, to Know as I 
he Mundane to See as I See, to Know as I Know … Of course, we Seer
e third chapter, entitled ‘The Case for Non-Offensive Responses to
hapter, entitled ‘The Case for Non-Offensive Responses to Magical Attack.’ There will
 to have perfected one type of Skiving Snackbox, which they were taking turns t
egular intervals with the same Vanishing Spell Snape kept using on Harry’s potions.
e Weasleys dispersed, and then Fred, Lee, and George sat up counting the
ch an Invisibility Cloak as an Invisibility Marquee —” “Fair point,” said Sirius, 
n which she was practicing her Silencing Charm was struck dumb mid-croak and 
the rain-washed window. “About Siri … Snuffles?” said Harry. “No …
yesterday —” “We could try the Fever Fudge,” George muttered, “no o
 still very poor even with the Impervius Charm; light was fading fast a
gged. “C’mon … we’ve still got Silencing Charms to practice …” They hurried ba
and are therefore much used in Confusing and Befuddlement Draughts, whe
ore much used in Confusing and Befuddlement Draughts, where the wizard is desirous o
is known by us as the Come and Go Room, sir, or else as the Room of Re
 has hidden her in the Room of Requirement and he has found antidotes to 
loor opposite that tapestry of Barnabas the Barmy being clubbed by tho
 that tapestry of Barnabas the Barmy being clubbed by those trolls.
a range of instruments such as Sneakoscopes, Secrecy Sensors, and a large, cracked Foe-Glass
 large leather-bound tomes. “A Compendium of Common Curses and Their Cou
-bound tomes. “A Compendium of Common Curses and Their Counter-Actions … Th
ompendium of Common Curses and Their Counter-Actions … The Dark Arts Outsmarted … S
nd Their Counter-Actions … The Dark Arts Outsmarted … Self-Defensive Spellwork … w
ts Outsmarted … Self-Defensive Spellwork … wow …” She looked around at 
d without further ado she slid Jinxes for the Jinxed from its shelf,
er ado she slid Jinxes for the Jinxed from its shelf, sank onto the 
r. Harry looked around; Ginny, Neville, Lavender, Parvati, and Dean had arrived. “Whoa,” 
ar of the room, indicating the Sneakoscopes and the Foe-Glass. “Dark Detec
n’t you think?” “Can we be the Anti-Umbridge League?” said Angelina hopeful
hopefully. “Or the Ministry of Magic Are Morons Group?” suggested Fred. “I was
make it stand for Dumbledore’s Army because that’s the Ministry’s 
he first thing we should do is Expelliarmus, you know, the Disarming Charm.
would fly out of his hand, yet Anthony did not seem to be making a so
 the shelves around them. Luna Lovegood was similarly patchy, occasion
re...” She laughed. Her friend Marietta looked at them rather sourly a
with him. And then there’s his Umgubular Slashkilter —” “Don’t ask,” Harry muttered
Colin Creevey had mastered the Impediment Jinx after three meetings’ hard eff
s coin, and because I’ve put a Protean Charm on them, they’ll all change to
t to use them …” “You can do a Protean Charm?” said Terry Boot. “Yes,
that she must have attempted a Hair-Thickening Charm on herself and refused to list
nsisted that they had seen the Slytherin Keeper, Miles Bletchley, hit her from behind with a jin
ably with one made recently by Barry Ryan, the Irish International Keeper
de recently by Barry Ryan, the Irish International Keeper, against Poland’s top Chaser, L
l Keeper, against Poland’s top Chaser, Ladislaw Zamojski. Even Fred had said t
ece of parchment. “Last year’s Beaters, Derrick and Bole, have left now, but i
ng exactly the same. “And it’s Johnson, Johnson with the Quaffle, what a playe
Crabbe... Montague catches the Quaffle, Montague heading back up the pitch and 
nd nearer Ron — Weasley is our King, Weasley is our King, He always lets th
ey is our King, Weasley is our King, He always lets the Quaffle in, We
— and it’s Warrington with the Quaffle, Warrington heading for goal, he’s out of 
so it’s the first test for new Gryffindor Keeper, Weasley, brother of Beaters, Fred and G
or Keeper, Weasley, brother of Beaters, Fred and George, and a promising ne
 — so that’s Montague with the Quaffle, Slytherin Captain Montague takes the Quaffle, and he’s of
the Slytherin Keeper, he heard Bletchley singing along with the crowd b
erve, Katie, and she throws to Johnson, Angelina Johnson takes the Quaffle, she’s past 
s to Warrington, Warrington to Montague, Montague back to Pucey — Johnson interv
 intervenes, Johnson takes the Quaffle, Johnson to Bell, this looks good — I m
EASLEY WILL MAKE SURE WE WIN — But Harry had seen it at last: The tiny 
taking the combined efforts of Angelina, Alicia, and Katie to stop Fred leaping
open, littering the floor with Ginger Newts. “He’d just lost, hadn’t
said. “Hem, hem … ‘Educational Decree Number Twenty-five …’ ” “Not another one!” exclai
, Cornelius Fudge, Minister of Magic, Order of Merlin First Class, etc., e
sounded horribly like “Weasley Is Our King.” They crept across the e
us’ had ter be careful, ’cause Olympe an’ me, we stick out a bit —” 
ailin’ us the slip round abou’ Dee-John —” “Ooooh, Dijon?” said Hermio
 a couple o’ mad trolls on the Polish border, an’ I had a sligh’ dis
ent with a vampire in a pub in Minsk, but apart from tha’, couldn’t’
do it,” said Hagrid. “Give the Gurg gifts, show some respect, yeh 
e, beside a mountain lake, an’ Karkus was lyin’ by the lake roarin’ 
s’ day we gave him a branch o’ Gubraithian fire.” Hermione said “wow” sof
ne, an’ we had a funny feelin’ Golgomath wouldn’ be so keen ter listen 
din’ me right in the eyes with Conjunctivitus Curses an’ they dropped me straightaw
’ you work with Fudge?” “I was Senior Undersecretary to the Minister, yes,” said Um
hold me. Friend o’ mine breeds Abraxan horses, I dunno if you’ve ever
 clearly thinking fast. “Nope, South of France fer me. Bit o’ sun a
o trace behind them due to the Obliteration Charm Hermione was performing as they went. “
“Erm … what was I sayin’?” “ ‘ Appears … to … have … poor … short … t
rse to have appeared, “name o’ Tenebrus, he’s my special favorite, firs
f yeh really annoy them —” “ ‘ Shows … signs … of … pleasure … at …
grid when he talks?” Just like Hermione, Pansy had tears in her eyes, but the
nargles were by the arrival of Angelina, Katie, and Alicia. All three of them 
licia without enthusiasm, “and Jack Sloper. Neither of them are br
ed them all. True, Neville did Stun Padma Patil rather than Dean, at whom he h
es; most people wished Harry a Happy Christmas as they went. Feeling cheerful
and he was hoping to receive a Merry Christmas from her. “No, you go on,” he 
ve been so pleased just with a Merry Christmas... “I know it must b
ktor.” “Krum?” “How many other Viktors do we know?” Ron said nothing,
ofessor McGonagall. “Professor Dumbledore, Potter has had a … well, a nightmare,
they had knocked. “Everard and Dilys were two of Hogwarts’s most ce
their right; the wizard called Everard had reappeared in his portrait
vered in blood, I ran along to Elfrida Cragg’s portrait to get a good
Visit my other portrait?” said Phineas in a reedy voice, giving a lon
is not safe at the moment, the Network is being watched. You will be 
hes; there was also a slightly Mundungus-like whiff of stale drink about him
and to help Ginny up. “Phineas Nigellus said Arthur’s been badly injur
hey all turned to look at her, Fred, Ron, and Harry half-rising from the
n discussing. “There isn’t any Seer blood in your family, is there
 brick department store called Purge and Dowse Ltd. The place had a
artment store called Purge and Dowse Ltd. The place had a shabby, m
he left of her desk. “You want Spell Damage, fourth floor. Just like it say
TS . . . . . . . . . . .Ground Floor (Cauldron explosion, wand back
OM AND HOSPITAL SHOP... .Fifth Floor If you are unsure where to go, in
remember why you are here, our Welcome Witch will be pleased to help. A ver
he queue now. “I’m here to see Broderick Bode!” he wheezed. “Ward forty
oor, second door on the right, Dai Llewellyn ward.” “Thank you,” said Mrs. 
 with more portraits of famous Healers and lit by crystal bubbles ful
 Healer-in-Charge: Hippocrates Smethwyck, Trainee Healer: Augustus Pye. “We’ll w
door, saying, “Don’t be silly, Harry, Arthur wants to thank you...” The war
e I just have to keep taking a Blood-Replenishing Potion every hour. But that fellow ov
aid, “I was just reading about Willy Widdershins’s arrest when you 
cussing this here! Go on about Willy Widdershins, Arthur —” “Well, don’t ask me how, bu
“Let’s see if St. Mungo’s puts Imperturbable Charms on its ward doors, shall we?” 
rs, looking suddenly fearful.  Was this why Dumbledore would no l
aim and injure, what if it was Seamus, Dean, or Neville next time? He stopp
 smoothly. “Dumbledore says, ‘ Stay where you are. ’ ” “Why?” said
 Buckbeak’s room, singing “God Rest Ye Merry, Hippogriffs” at the top of his
loud of paper. “Thanks for the Broom Compass, it’s excellent, beats Hermione
et of excellent books entitled Practical Defensive Magic and Its Use Against the Dark A
 Practical Defensive Magic and Its Use Against the Dark Arts, which had super
d given him an enormous box of Every-Flavor Beans; Mr. and Mrs. Weasley th
ppily. “I’ve been wanting that New Theory of Numerology for ages! And th
f its owner, had had a similar Enlarging Spell put upon it as the Weasleys’ o
 third I’ve seen today … Spell Damage, fourth floor …” They found Mr.
tily. “You — er — haven’t seen Healer Smethwyck, have you?” “No,” said Mrs. Wea
ow don’t get upset, Molly, but Augustus Pye had an idea... He’s the Traine
us Pye had an idea... He’s the Trainee Healer, you know, lovely young chap an
 “It was just — just something Pye and I thought we’d try — only,
 remembering the sign over the Welcome Witch’s desk. They walked alon
 be?” he asked angrily, as the Healer pursued him through six more p
ed her wand at the door of the Janus Thickey ward and muttered “Alohomora. 
 deposited in his chair by the Healer, Gilderoy pulled a fresh stack of photog
eat deal of fan mail... Gladys Gudgeon writes weekly... I just wish I
ch his mother dropped an empty Droobles Blowing Gum wrapper. “Very nice, dear,” sa
 lost their minds.” “Bellatrix Lestrange did that?” whispered Hermione,
t is his wish for you to study Occlumency this term.” “Study what?” said
hat... “Why do I have to study Occlu — thing?” he blurted out. “Bec
f anybody asks, you are taking Remedial Potions. Nobody who has seen y
to hear him. “I’ve warned you, Snivellus, ” said Sirius, his face barely
 forward into a chair. “Healer Smethwyck worked his magic in the end, f
 we’ll have to split up,” said Tonics briskly, looking around for em
 bus and two at the back. Stan Shunpike, the conductor, followed Harry 
g ominously. It rumbled around Grimmauld Square, weaving on and off the pavemen
the Knight Bus jumped from the Birmingham motorway to a quiet country la
like Snape, but he is a superb Occlumens and we all — Sirius included —
Dark Lord is highly skilled at Legilimency —” “What’s that? Sir?” “It is 
rk. “Did you mean to produce a Stinging Hex?” asked Snape coolly. “No,
ny things in the Department of Mysteries, Potter, few of which you would underst
n, obviously it’s some kind of Invisibility Spell, but it’s rather clever to have
ing George, who tried to put a Headless Hat on him, and reached the peace 
 been sent to Azkaban. Antonin Dolohov, read the legend beneath a wiza
icted of the brutal murders of Gideon and Fabian Prewett. Augustus R
nvicted of leaking Ministry of Magic Secrets to He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named. B
after Ministry of Magic worker Broderick Bode, 49, was discovered dead in his
eks prior to his death. Healer Miriam Strout, who was in charge of Mr. Bode’
 our wards but it appears that Healer Strout, busy over the Christmas period
re that it was not an innocent Flitterbloom, but a cutting of Devil’s Snare
k about him at home! He was an Unspeakable — he worked in the Department 
h dragon manure on her tray of Screechsnap seedlings, causing them to wri
 as she, Harry, and Ron passed Professors McGonagall, Flitwick, and Sprout huddled together ou
HE HIGH INQUISITOR OF HOGWARTS Teachers are hereby banned from giving 
with difficult questions about Ornithomancy and Heptomology, insisting tha
estions about Ornithomancy and Heptomology, insisting that she predict stu
ature indistinguishable from a Jack Russell terrier except for its forked 
bit wider … make it easier for You-Know —” “Shut up, Ron,” said Hermio
d himself facing a Valentine’s Day spent entirely in her company.
I’ve ever seen. You should see Sloper and Kirke, they’re pathetic, e
een. You should see Sloper and Kirke, they’re pathetic, even worse t
y. “I heard he got taken on by Pride of Portree, is that right?” “N
rd he got taken on by Pride of Portree, is that right?” “Nah, it was P
uck up in the window and a few Hogsmeaders were looking at it. They moved
eamy window. Roger Davies, the Ravenclaw Quidditch Captain, was sitting about a foot and a
 can I get you, m’dears?” said Madam Puddifoot, a very stout woman with a shin
d and you went and met up with Hermione G-Granger, like you obviously want to!” H
a to Luna to Hermione. “Little Miss Perfect was just about to tell me when
 haven’t mentioned a deal yet, Miss Prissy, you just told me to turn up. O
een. “A great bold headline: ‘ Potter Accuses …’ A subheading: ‘ Harry Potte
ter Accuses …’ A subheading: ‘ Harry Potter Names Death Eaters Still Among Us. ’ And then, beneath a nice
 nice big photograph of you: ‘ Disturbed teenage survivor of You-Know-W
 sweetly, “that’s exactly what Little Miss Perfect does want.” Rita stared at her
ter?” she said. “ ‘Twenty-five Ways to Mingle with Muggles’ and th
e said. “ ‘Twenty-five Ways to Mingle with Muggles’ and the dates of
les’ and the dates of the next Bring-and-Fly Sale?” “No,” said Luna, dippin
his plate again. After a while Dean, Seamus, and Neville departed for the c
 happened in Madam Puddifoot’s Tea Shop. “… so then,” he finished
m behind her tottering pile of Ancient Rune books. “Oh,” said George, look
mione, peering over the top of Magical Hieroglyphs and Logograms. “Well, he can d
ut N.E.W.T.s,” said Fred. “The Snackboxes are ready to roll, we found ou
edly, once again bent over her Rune translation, “it creates all t
to find her copy of Spellman’s Syllabary and caught Fred, George, and H
ch the Snitch from right under Hufflepuff Seeker Summerby’s nose, so that the f
r and I prefer goal-scoring to Seeking anyway.” Harry looked over at 
ient’s name and address: Harry Potter Great Hall Hogwarts School Frowning, he made to take the letter fro
mends you try a good course of Shock Spells at St. Mungo’s,” said Hermione
HE HIGH INQUISITOR OF HOGWARTS Any student found in possession of
om mentioning the interview by Educational Decree Number Twenty-six, but they found ways to express
 Hermione whispered was called Theodore Nott. They looked around at Ha
lves for the book he needed on Partial Vanishment, and Goyle cracked his knuckles
ly, Fred and George had put an Enlargement Charm on the front cover of The Quib
 “Very well … you may go. Send Avery to me.” Rookwood scurried back
le of weeks after his dream of Rookwood, Harry was to be found, yet again, kn
t eye contact being crucial to Legilimency, Harry blinked and looked away. “How 
ithin her robes — “an Order of Dismissal signed by myself and the Minis
r of Magic. Under the terms of Educational Decree Number Twenty-three, the High Inquisitor of Hogwart
s...” “Professor Trelawney did Astrology with us!” said Parvati excited
er. “Sibyll Trelawney may have Seen, I do not know,” continued Fire
ending he had lost his copy of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them and dou
 became the first to receive a Calming Draught from Madam Pomfrey after she b
ey had finally started work on Patronuses, which everybody had been very 
ugly dragon-shaped vase. “Trip Jinx, Potter!” he said. “Hey, Profes
 breath — check the bathrooms, Miss Parkinson can do the girls’ ones — off y
ace extremely tense. Cornelius Fudge, Minister of Magic, was rocking backward
dded, looking up at Fudge, “is Madam Edgecombe from the Department of Magical
onto her face and said, “Well, Minister, Miss Edgecombe here came to my office shortly
nagall. “I have testimony from Willy Widdershins, Minerva, who happened to be in the bar 
ir, they did not!” “Thank you, Fortescue, that will do,” said Dumbledore
o talk him out of this one; if Willy Widdershins had indeed heard every word he
, Dumbledore? Why do you think Miss Edgecombe is here?” “Oh, can she tell us
e to hurt you.” The man called Dawlish blinked, looking rather foolis
imself, “you intend to take on Dawlish, Shacklebolt, Dolores, and myself single-handed, do y
 instruments in pieces. Fudge, Umbridge, Kingsley, and Dawlish lay motionless on 
DER OF — THE MINISTRY OF MAGIC Dolores Jane Umbridge (High Inquisitor) has replaced
wenty-eight. Signed: Cornelius Oswald Fudge MINISTER OF MAGIC The notices 
ow prefects can’t dock points, Weasel King,” sneered Malfoy; Crabbe 
sniggered. “But members of the Inquisitorial Squad —” “The what?” said Hermione s
.. Oh yeah, I forgot, you’re a Mudblood, Granger, so ten for that...” Ron pulled
forced him headfirst into that Vanishing Cabinet on the first floor.” Hermione 
easts would never have dropped Stinkpellets if you’d known I had it in my 
would have thought of throwing Fanged Frisbees down the corridors if I could’
y office, would they? But when Educational Decree Twenty-nine comes in, Potter, I’ll be allo
ebolt, and Fred’s and George’s Clean-sweeps, which he saw with a pang were 
 school are being monitored. A Floo Network Regulator is keeping watch over every fi
gs as they went. Shocking-pink Catherine wheels five feet in diameter w
prised and pleased. “Weasleys’ Wildfire Whiz-Bangs. Only thing is, we 
e, it’s five Galleons for your Basic Blaze box and twenty for the Deflagr
c Blaze box and twenty for the Deflagration Deluxe...” Hermione returned t
RTS — ORDINARY WIZARDING LEVEL So Snape had to be fifteen or sixteen, 
ll be surprised if I don’t get Outstanding on it at least.” “Me too,” sai
lly. “What’re you going to do, Snivelly, wipe your nose on us?” Snape l
nd Sirius eyed it warily. “Ah, Evans, don’t make me hex you,” said J
 …” Ron went into a rant about Marietta Edgecombe, which Harry found helpful. All
nderful his father had been? ( Yeah, well, look what Sirius was lik
” said Ginny. “Ron had to take Jack Sloper up to the hospital wing.” “Why
egg decorated with small, iced Snitches and, according to the packagin
east an E at N.E.W.T. level in Potions, Herbology, Transfiguration, Charms, and Defense Against the Dark A
 O.W.L. in Muggle Studies... ‘ Much more important is your enthusi
, who are currently recruiting Curse-Breakers for thrilling opportunities ab
one, he was able to concoct an Invigoration Draught quite easily. At the end of th
quently need to Transfigure or Untransfigure in their work. And I ought to 
omment. “Yes, as I was saying, Potter, Professor Lupin thought you showed a pronounce
 up at the ceiling fearfully — Then Umbridge came pelting out of her classr
apers inside it. “Approval for Whipping … Approval for Whipping … I ca
d. “If anyone fancies buying a Portable Swamp, as demonstrated upstairs, come
 the case of Fred and George’s Wildfire Whiz-Bangs, they seemed to prefer to watch
ashion for students to perform Bubble-Head Charms on themselves before leaving l
 it became clear just how many Skiving Snackboxes Fred and George had managed to sell
takes the Quaffle immediately, Ravenclaw Captain Davies with the Quaffle, he dodges Jo
t me dad, an’ she went an’ had Grawp here —” “Grawp?” said Harry. “
ing back when he let go. “Now, Grawpy, don’ do that!” shouted Hagrid.
ould yeh mind if he called yeh Hermy, Hermione? On’y it’s a difficul
nd secrets among humans,” said Magorian quietly. “There can be no retu
t confident, but I dunno, when Bradley came toward me, just out of no
had heard him. “And then, when Chambers came at me about five minutes 
e that he must continue giving Harry Occlumency tuition: If he had, then Snape
 friendly with the head of the Wizarding Examinations Authority for years — old Griselda March
erably. “Gran’s always telling Professor Marchbanks I’m not as good as my dad... W
ed by the bottle of Baruffio’s Brain Elixir offered to them by Ravenclaw s
o them by Ravenclaw sixth year Eddie Carmichael, who swore it was solely respon
ad confiscated the bottle from Carmichael and poured the contents down a
arled. “You might as well take Harold Dingle’s powdered dragon claw 
rn you that the most stringent Anti-Cheating Charms have been applied to your exam
xamination papers. Auto-Answer Quills are banned from the examinatio
m the examination hall, as are Remembralls, Detachable Cribbing Cuffs, and Self-Correcting Ink. Every
Detachable Cribbing Cuffs, and Self-Correcting Ink. Every year, I am afraid t
t he or she can get around the Wizarding Examinations Authority’s rules. I can only 
xt summer... Their first exam, Theory of Charms, was scheduled for M
he nose with the sharp edge of Achievements in Charming. “Why don’t you ju
, reciting the definition of a Substantive Charm, while Dean checked it against 
 very deferentially. Professor Marchbanks seemed to be a little deaf; sh
itched, Hermione was rereading Achievement in Charming so fast that her e
e was rereading Achievement in Charming so fast that her eyes appeared
eyes to the first question: a) Give the incantation, and b) descri
ing, she left the chamber with Anthony Goldstein, Gregory Goyle, and Daphne Greengrass. Student
 Goldstein, Gregory Goyle, and Daphne Greengrass. Students who had a
ck called, “Parkinson, Pansy — Patil, Padma — Patil, Parvati — Potter, Har
kinson, Pansy — Patil, Padma — Patil, Parvati — Potter, Harry.” “Good luck,”
tly his hand shook. “Professor Tofty is free, Potter,” squeaked Pro
 Malfoy. “Potter, is it?” said Professor Tofty, consulting his notes and peeri
ought it went rather well; his Levitation Charm was certainly much better than
 mixed up the incantations for Color-Change and Growth Charms, so that the
antations for Color-Change and Growth Charms, so that the rat he was suppose
other than a small bite from a Fanged Geranium, Harry felt he had done reasonably we
 reasonably well) and then, on Thursday, Defense Against the Dark Arts. Here, for the f
ved an “Outstanding” O.W.L. On Friday, Harry and Ron had a day off while He
ry completed the constellation Orion on his chart, however, the fro
oticed that he had mislabelled Venus as Mars. He bent to correct it
 circumstances that led to the Formation of the International Confedera
nd explain why the warlocks of Liechtenstein refused to join. I know this, 
l Confederation of Wizards was Pierre Bonaccord, but his appointment was contes
 of his head. What was it that Bonaccord had done to offend the wizards
 “As if one of them could have Stunned Minerva McGonagall face on by daylight! Cowardice
get you into the Department of Myst — ?” “Hermione, it doesn’t mat
se someone’s let off a load of Garroting Gas.” Hermione looked surprise
n a couple of Galleons? Harold Dingle reckons he could sell us some 
ng the last few stairs to join Ron, Hermione, Ginny, and Luna, who were huddled tog
d listening carefully over the Latin mumblings of the bust in front
g staircase, someone’s let off Garroting Gas just along here —” They could 
f the corridor. As they passed Ginny, Hermione whispered, “Good one … don’t f
ce without my knowledge? I had Stealth Sensoring Spells placed all around my doorway a
therins entered, each gripping Ron, Ginny, Luna, and — to Harry’s bewilderment 
ugh Hogwarts will shortly be a Weasley-free zone, doesn’t it?” Malfoy laug
-breed, Hagrid? I doubt it was Minerva McGonagall, I hear she is still too ill to
outed at me I shall give you a Babbling Beverage. And Crabbe, loosen y
e, looking triumphant. “Little Miss Question-All is going to give us some answe
 loudly. “We j-j-just did what P-P-Professor Dumbledore told us t-t-to do …” Umbridge 
hese” — she gestured around at Ron, Ginny, Neville, and Luna — “escape.” “All righ
ched, terrified voice. “Senior Undersecretary to the Minister of Magic and H
y to the Minister of Magic and Headmistress and High Inquisitor of Hogwart
 Magorian, she continued, “Law Fifteen B states clearly that ‘Any att
, as Ron came into sight, with Ginny, Neville, and Luna hurrying along behind
om Ron. “Couple of Stunners, a Disarming Charm, Neville brought off a really nice litt
nny was best, she got Malfoy — Bat-Bogey Hex — it was superb, his whole fac
ing to ride on the back of the Kacky Snorgle or whatever it is?” Ron demand
ver it is?” Ron demanded. “The Crumple-Horned Snorkack can’t fly,” said Luna in a dig
ok, you three” — he pointed at Neville, Ginny, and Luna — “you’re not involve
our name and business.” “Harry Potter, Ron Weasley, Hermione Granger,” Harry said very quic
arry said very quickly, “Ginny Weasley, Neville Longbottom, Luna Lovegood … We’re here to save someone, 
o A.P.W.B.D. Dark Lord and (?) Harry Potter Harry stared at it. “What is it?” Ro
s he did so, the five wands of Ron, Hermione, Neville, Ginny, and Luna rose on either side o
e Death Eater shrieked, “Accio Proph —” Harry was just ready for he
 Bellatrix’s shouts. “… at the Solstice will come a new …” said the fi
nd the way ahead clear and saw Ron, Ginny, and Luna sprint past him, thei
ped Harry. He had thought that Ron, Luna, and Ginny had been ahead of th
much as losing that prophecy — Jugson, come back here, we need to org
kill the others if necessary — Bellatrix, Rodolphus, you take the left, Crabbe, Rab
 Rodolphus, you take the left, Crabbe, Rabastan, go right — Jugson, Dolohov, th
, Crabbe, Rabastan, go right — Jugson, Dolohov, the door straight ahead — Macn
ll down again, and shattered — The Death Eater had snatched up his wand, whic
rowing louder from the Hall of Prophecy they had just left and knew, t
le to move at all. “Well done, Ha —” But the Death Eater Hermion
all. “Well done, Ha —” But the Death Eater Hermione had just struck dumb made a su
 the floor and shoving it into Nevilles hand, “you’d better take this.
ry now suspected had contained Time-Turners continued to fall, shatter, an
ione’s weight. The door of the Time Room swung shut behind them, and th
who this girl is, Harry? She’s Loony … Loony Lovegood … ha ha ha …”
 around. They were back in the Brain Room and, sure enough, there were d
Harry, they’re brains — look — Accio Brain!” The scene seemed momen
ly; Dolohov, freed of the full Body-Bind, was leering, his wand pointing
printed into the room: Sirius, Lupin, Moody, Tonks, and Kingsley. Malfoy turned an
d him with an invisible line — Only one couple were still battling
 those pitiless red eyes. “No, Bella, he is not lying... I see the t
pat Voldemort. He sent another Killing Curse at Dumbledore but missed, inst
an and Disapparated!” “I know, Williamson, I know, I saw him too!” gibber
 Death Eaters contained in the Death Chamber, bound by an Anti-Disapparation
the Death Chamber, bound by an Anti-Disapparation Jinx and awaiting your decision as 
one from beneath his feet; the Atrium, Fudge, and Dumbledore had all disappe
nd fright, and the portrait of Armando Dippet said, “Really!” “I DON’T CARE!
eat-grandson — the last of the Blacks — is dead?” “Yes, Phineas,” sa
respect left... Black’s cousin Narcissa, sister of Bellatrix and wife o
your trip into the forest with Dolores Umbridge, Professor Snape grew worried that you still be
t sigh and then said, “Alastor Moody, Nymphadora Tonks, Kingsley Shacklebolt, and Remus Lupin were at headqu
am a sufficiently accomplished Legilimens myself to know when I am being
hecy was incomplete. The Hog’s Head Inn, which Sibyll chose for its che
Cornelius Fudge confirmed that He-Who-Must-Not-Be Named has returned to this country a
 to seize power. Meanwhile the Boy Who Lived — “There you are, Harry, I kne
ermione was saying. “He’s ‘the Boy Who Lived’ again now, though, isn’
copious amounts of Dr. Ubbly’s Oblivious Unction, there seemed to be some improv
pital wing. “ ‘ You-Know-Who’s Last Attempt to Take Over, pages two to fou
You-Know-Who’s Last Attempt to Take Over, pages two to four, What the Mi
r, pages two to four, What the Ministry Should Have Told Us, page five, Why Nobody Listened
hould Have Told Us, page five, Why Nobody Listened to Albus Dumbledore, pages six
umbledore, pages six to eight, Exclusive Interview with Harry Potter, page nine …
oing to go on an expedition to Sweden this summer and see if we can 
nting at the small mountain of Frogs beside him. “Must be doing all
ulling him up the steps in the Death Room, and Harry had not yet correcte
 said curtly. “Ten points from Gryff —” Snape looked toward the gia
fifty each for Potter, the two Weasleys, Longbottom, and Miss Granger,” said Profes
she spoke. “Oh — and fifty for Miss Lovegood, I suppose,” she added, and a n
unt below nevertheless. “Well, Potter, Malfoy, I think you ought to be outsid
nbathing, talking, reading the Sunday Prophet, and eating sweets looked up at
sh to Harry’s aid. By the time Ernie Macmillan, Hannah Abbott, Susan Bones, Justin Finch-Fletchley, Anthony Goldstein, and Terry Boot had finished us
ezed into Hogwarts uniforms as Harry, Ernie, and Justin hoisted them into t
brief spell as a member of the Inquisitorial Squad. “Goyle’s mum’ll be real
rge pile of Cauldron Cakes and Pumpkin Pasties. Hermione was reading 
down in the approach to King’s Cross, Harry thought he had never wanted to
een the freak hurricane in the West Country that had caused so much damage
s it his fault that one of his Junior Ministers, Herbert Chorley, had chosen this week to act so
 you have, Prime Minister. The Brockdale Bridge … the Bones and Vance murders 
ockdale Bridge … the Bones and Vance murders … not to mention the r
two, an art historian, and the Chancellor of the Exchequer had all tried
ian, and the Chancellor of the Exchequer had all tried unsuccessfully t
y he was dripping all over the Axminster, Fudge had started ranting about a pr
nto his pocket. “Middle of the North Sea, you know, nasty flight … the d
d been a spot of bother at the Kwidditch (or that was what it had sound
 an isolated incident, and the Muggle Liaison Office was dealing with all memory mo
 called Fudge in his head, the Other Minister), the Prime Minister 
e not the work of Muggles. And Herbert Chorley’s family would be safe
ir previous conversations. “Is Serious Black with — er — He-Who-Must-Not-Be
e grand effect,” he said. “The Office of Misinformation has been wor
fect,” he said. “The Office of Misinformation has been working around the cl
 the clock, we’ve had teams of Obliviators out trying to modify the memor
gical Creatures running around Somerset, but we can’t find the giant — 
I might still be … Well, maybe Scrimgeour will have more success.” Fudge
dly respond immediately. Rufus Scrimgeour, Minister of Magic.” “Yes, yes, fine,” s
irst, foolish thought was that Rufus Scrimgeour looked rather like an old lion
eemed to hear him. “Now, about Herbert Chorley, your Junior Minister,” he cont
w, about Herbert Chorley, your Junior Minister,” he continued. “The 
ight green fire and vanished.  Many miles away the chilly mist tha
 “I thought perhaps an Auror — Cissy, wait!” But her quarry, who had
ed up a street named Spinner’s End, over which the towering mill c
shed. For the same reason that Avery, Yaxley, the Carrows, Greyback, Lucius”
reason that Avery, Yaxley, the Carrows, Greyback, Lucius” — he inclined his head
ou swear it? Will you make the Unbreakable Vow?” “The Unbreakable Vow?” S
 so far as to call Potter “the Chosen One,” believing that the proph
e. Newly appointed Minister of Magic, Rufus Scrimgeour, spoke today of the tough new m
AND FAMILY AGAINST DARK FORCES The Wizarding community is currently under t
 of emergency measures such as Shield and Disillusionment Charms, an
cy measures such as Shield and Disillusionment Charms, and, in the case of underage f
 Death Eaters may now be using Inferi (see page 10). Any sighting of
e page 10). Any sighting of an Inferius, or encounter with same, should
l, it now lay quite flat. Dear Harry, If it is convenient to you, I sha
y, I am, yours most sincerely, Albus Dumbledore Though he already knew it by heart, H
his ears. “Kreacher belongs to Miss Bellatrix, oh yes, Kreacher belongs to th
h yes, Kreacher belongs to the Blacks, Kreacher wants his new mistress, Kreach
 still call this house ‘home.’ However miserable he has been here, ho
ry, is the charming village of Budleigh Babberton.” “And what are we d
on,” shouted the wizard called Horace, as, with a deafening grinding 
 chair not unlike the one that Slughorn had so recently impersonated, 
 proudly, “Two. Didn’t hear my Intruder Charm go off, I was taking a bath. S
is place are on holiday in the Canary Islands — it’s been very pleasant, I’l
vorite students? And there was Dirk Cresswell in the year after her too — no
fter her too — now Head of the Goblin Liaison Office, of course — another Muggle-bor
nts, all signed. You’ll notice Barnabas Cuffe, editor of the Daily Prophet, h
my take on the day’s news. And Ambrosius Flume, of Honeydukes — a hamper every
to give him an introduction to Ciceron Harkiss, who gave him his first job! An
 just crane your neck — that’s Gwenog Jones, who of course captains the Hol
es, who of course captains the Holyhead Harpies. … People are always a
m on first-name terms with the Harpies, and free tickets whenever I wa
 that as I have not joined the Death Eaters, He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named can hardly count me a friend …
— or, as we must now call him, Professor Slughorn — but to put you on your guard
urgent matters to discuss with Rufus Scrimgeour.” “No, no, I need t
 you look as though you’ve had Stretching Jinxes put on you. I swear Ron’s grow
pposite him. “So you persuaded Horace Slughorn to take the job?” Harry nodded
r’s heading the Office for the Detection and Confiscation of Counterfei
e Office for the Detection and Confiscation of Counterfeit Defensive Spell
 Detection and Confiscation of Counterfeit Defensive Spells and Protective Objects. It’s a
unterfeit Defensive Spells and Protective Objects. It’s a big job, he’s 
weet, which he recognized as a Puking Pastille. Smiling to himself, 
 part-time at Gringotts for my Eenglish, so he brought me ’ere for a fe
not that down-to-earth. He’s a Curse-Breaker, isn’t he, he likes a bit of ad
“She’s a damn sight nicer than Phlegm, ’’ said Ginny “And she’s more 
and and a copy of The Healer’s Helpmate open at “Bruises, Cuts, and Ab
r’s Helpmate open at “Bruises, Cuts, and Abrasions.” “This has alwa
DINARY WIZARDING LEVEL RESULTS Pass Grades Fail Grades Outstanding (O) Poor (P) Exceeds Expectati
es Fail Grades Outstanding (O) Poor (P) Exceeds Expectations (E)Dr
rades Outstanding (O) Poor (P) Exceeds Expectations (E)Dreadful (D) Acceptable (A)
s Expectations (E)Dreadful (D) Acceptable (A) Troll (T) Harry James Pott
thday cake. “And they’ve found Igor Karkaroff’s body in a shack up
security so much. Two days ago Arkie Philpott had a Probity Probe stuck up h
 days ago Arkie Philpott had a Probity Probe stuck up his … Well, trust me,
r moved smoothly away from the Burrow, Bill and Fleur waving from the kitc
the first time as he slowed in Charing Cross Road and stopped outside the Leaky 
ed out of the car. “Buckbeak — Witherwings, I mean — yeh should see him, H
’s get goin’ then — after yeh, Molly, Arthur —” The Leaky Cauldron was, for
rned to wiping glasses; Harry, Hermione, Hagrid, and the Weasleys walked throug
paused, looking around. Diagon Alley had changed. The colorful, gli
g those of Florean Fortescue’s Ice Cream Parlor. On the other hand, a n
n pinned to its front: AMULETS Effective Against Werewolves, Dementors, and Inferi A seedy-looking lit
ops here. … We’ll do better at Twilfitt and Tatting’s.” And with that,
n pop in at the Apothecary and Eeylops on the way to Fred and George’
s for Hedwig and Pigwidgeon at Eeylops Owl Emporium. Then, with Mrs. Weas
boxes of quills, which came in Self-Inking, Spell-Checking, and Smart-Answer varieties. A 
lf-Inking, Spell-Checking, and Smart-Answer varieties. A space cleared in 
IT OR HE’LL SWING! “ ‘Patented Daydream Charms …’ ” Hermione had managed to s
at’s right. … Well, we thought Shield Hats were a bit of a laugh, you kno
we’ve expanded into a range of Shield Cloaks, Shield Gloves …” “… I mean, they wouldn’t he
stically. “This is cool. Look, Instant Darkness Powder, we’re importing it from Peru. 
make a quick escape.” “And our Decoy Detonators are just walking off the shelv
 their stride. “Right you are, Verity, I’m coming,” said George promp
t his money bag to pay for the Decoy Detonators. “You don’t pay her
nd Ginny still poring over the Patented Daydream Charms. “Haven’t you girls fou
’t you girls found our special WonderWitch products yet?” asked Fred. “Fo
s of the cage and watching the Pygmy Puffs crowd around it. “They’re real
id sharply. “Mum, can I have a Pygmy Puff?” said Ginny at once. “A 
 with the largest. “Extendable Ears, look!” “Fantastic!” said Hermi
or. “Oh, I hope the door isn’t Imperturbable —” “No!” said Ron gleefully. “
 will be retribution. You know Fenrir Greyback? He’s a family friend
looked up from her new copy of Advanced Rune Translation. “But haven’t we a
idgeon; and Ginny’s new purple Pygmy Puff, Arnold, in cages. “Au revoir, ’Arry,” 
ting to consult his grim-faced Auror, Harry motioned to Ron and Hermione t
 that there was a pair of free Spectrespecs inside. “Quibbler still going 
ough the door. “Hi, Harry, I’m Romilda, Romilda Vane,” she said loudly and con
hear my gran talk about you. ‘ That Harry Potter’s got more backbone tha
red spectacles. “I — what?” “A Wrackspurt … They’re invisible. They floa
ked Harry and Neville. “Blaise Zabini is in your year, of course — ”
h other on principle. “This is Cormac McLaggen, perhaps you’ve come across eac
ed back at him. “— and this is Marcus Belby, I don’t know whether — ?” Belb
uncle, Marcus?” Unfortunately, Belby had just taken a large mouthfu
him a cold smile and turned to McLaggen instead. “Now, you, Cormac,” s
 to know you see a lot of your Uncle Tiberius, because he has a rather splend
” said McLaggen. “We went with Bertie Higgs and Rufus Scrimgeour — this wa
disappointed. “I remember dear Gwenog telling me (Gwenog Jones, I me
dear Gwenog telling me (Gwenog Jones, I mean, of course, Captain of 
 that book on nogtails. Harry, Blaise — any time you’re passing. Sam
s little of the journey left — Hogsmeade Station had to be less than half an ho
usly he wanted a look at ‘ the Chosen One, ’ ” sneered Malfoy, “but that 
ounting his attack on Harry to Crabbe, Goyle, Zabini, and Pansy Parkinson. The train
e engine roared into life. The Express was leaving and nobody knew he
ore confidence when it came to Healing Spells, but it seemed rude to say this
tationed up here, or — ?” “No, Proudfoot, Savage, and Dawlish are here too.” “Da
 are here too.” “Dawlish, that Auror Dumbledore attacked last year?” “That’s r
im. “There is no need to wait, Nymphadora, Potter is quite — ah — safe in my han
ly. He was very conscious that Ginny, Neville, Dean, and Seamus were listening in; 
rt himself with the dignity of Professor McGonagall, Head of Gryffindor House, the top o
arly an’ yeh can say hello ter Buck — I mean, Witherwings!” Raisin
d tightly in his hand. “Fanged Frisbees are banned, hand it over,” she
g boy handed over the snarling Frisbee, ducked under her arm, and took
ately cleared to continue with Charms, Defense Against the Dark Arts, Transfiguration
th Charms, Defense Against the Dark Arts, Transfiguration, Herbology, Arithmancy, Ancient Runes, and Potions, and shot off to a
 McGonagall, “and I shall drop Augusta a line reminding her that just
ing slightly crestfallen. “So, Potter, Potter …” said Professor McGonagall, 
. “Charms, Defense Against the Dark Arts, Herbology, Transfiguration … all fine. I must say, I was 
ble and began playing with the Fanged Frisbee Hermione had taken from the fourth-year
ne hastily dropped her copy of Confronting the Faceless back into her bag
ed her copy of Confronting the Faceless back into her bag and stowed i
word from The Standard Book of Spells, Grade Six, ” said Snape dismissively (ove
wanted to teach Harry advanced Defensive magic. After break, she went o
Ravenclaws were there, and one Hufflepuff, Ernie Macmillan, whom Harry liked despite his r
g. Good lesson, I thought, but Shield Charms are old hat, of course, for us
nd don’t forget your copies of Advanced Potion-Making. …” “Sir?” said 
ery battered-looking copies of Advanced Potion-Making by Libatius Borage, which he g
s of Advanced Potion-Making by Libatius Borage, which he gave to Harry and Ron
Can you possibly be related to Hector Dagworth-Granger, who founded the Most Extraordi
worth-Granger, who founded the Most Extraordinary Society of Potioneers?” “No, I don’t t
 twenty well-earned points for Gryffindor, Miss Granger,” said Slughorn genial
t curious little potion called Felix Felicis. I take it,” he turned
ible gasp, “that you know what Felix Felicis does, Miss Granger?” “It’s liq
think you knew my grandfather, Abraxas Malfoy?” Harry looked up; Slug
 talent. She was a dab hand at Potions, Lily was! Here you are, then, here 
ks in his trunk upstairs. This Book is the Property of the Half-Bl
unk upstairs. This Book is the Property of the Half-Blood Prince.  For
is Book is the Property of the Half-Blood Prince.  For the rest of the w
ns wherever they deviated from Libatius Borage’s, with the result that
Harry wondered vaguely who the Half-Blood Prince had been. Although the amount 
was barely a page on which the Prince had not made additional notes,
wled and twitched her essay on The Principles of Rematerialization away from
her essay on The Principles of Rematerialization away from Ron, who was trying 
 I may be as woefully wrong as Humphrey Belcher, who believed the time was ripe
 going, sir?” “For a trip down Bob Ogden’s memory lane,” said Dum
s bizarre appearance, however, Ogden had set off at a brisk walk do
ce known, shouldn’t you?” said Gaunt aggressively. “This is private
e front of his coat. “That was Morfin, wasn’t it?” “Ar, that was Morf
: Hissy, hissy, little snakey, Slither on the floor, You be good to M
r on the floor, You be good to Morfin Or he’ll nail you to the door. Th
d Ogden in a shocked voice, as Merope, who had already picked up the 
looking at anybody or thanking Ogden, Merope picked up the pot and returned
een offered for this, with the Peverell coat of arms engraved on the s
 in hand. I am here because of Morfin, Morfin and the Muggle he accosted lat
“Ar, I had you marked out as a Muggle-lover the moment I saw you,” sneered
harm and distress to that same Mugg —” Ogden broke off. The jingli
in the head. Don’t look at it, Cecilia, darling.” The jingling and clo
now growing fainter again. “ ‘ Darling, ’ ” whispered Morfin in Parsel
aunt quietly. All three of the Gaunts seemed to have forgotten Ogden
der whether you noticed?” “The Muggle Morfin attacked? The man on the horse
the Gaunt cottage and for whom Merope Gaunt cherished a secret, burning pa
 … sir, isn’t it the same ring Marvolo Gaunt showed Ogden?” Dumbledore bowe
od night.” “Good night, sir.”  As Hermione had predicted, the sixth years
supposed to be practicing that Aguamenti Charm from Flitwick! Anyway, explain
at?” said Harry, startled. “ ‘ Stanley Shunpike, conductor on the popular Wizar
last night after a raid on his Clapham home …’ ” “Stan Shunpike, a De
clutching one another. Romilda Vane was amongst them. When he told
llent trial; a new find called Demelza Robins, who was particularly good at d
n’t get out of the way for the Keepers I’ll hex you,” he bellowed. Ne
nably pleased with them: Jimmy Peakes, a short but broad-chested thir
a ferociously hit Bludger, and Ritchie Coote, who looked weedy but aimed wel
ut aimed well. They now joined Katie, Demelza, and Ginny in the stands to wat
ull practice for the following Thursday, Harry, Ron, and Hermione bade good-bye to 
ing happily. “Tricky shot from Demelza, did you see, had a bit of spin
We smashed the entire stock of Ministry Time-Turners when we were there last summer
y, “McLaggen looks like he was Confunded this morning. And he was stand
oming and Zabini, the charming Melinda Bobbin — I don’t know whether you kno
 reached out for a copy of the Evening Prophet, which somebody had left abando
unterfeit Defensive Spells and Protective Objects said that his team had been ac
 Filch ran over all of us with Secrecy Sensors when we got into the entrance 
hed Ginny Weasley playing with Arnold the Pygmy Puff for a while bef
easley playing with Arnold the Pygmy Puff for a while before seeing a wa
ter him. “Harry?” said the new Chaser, Demelza Robins, appearing suddenly at his shou
d, perhaps most useful of all, Muffliato, a spell that filled the ears o
he scribble: Levicorpus (nvbl) While the wind and sleet pounded rel
nded Ron, eyeing the long thin Secrecy Sensor with apprehension. “Surely you
 him a few extra jabs with the Sensor, and he was still wincing as th
hough he had been a display of Cockroach Clusters. “I can’t believe you
 closeted in Madam Puddifoot’s Tea Shop, that haunt of happy couples. S
ed a gloved hand to wipe them, Leanne made to grab hold of the packa
Oh no, oh no, I bet she’d been Imperiused and I didn’t realize!” Leanne 
s whenever Harry mentioned his Malfoy-Is-a-Death-Eater theory. Harry had wondered whe
the portraits on the wall, and Phineas Nigellus Black, Sirius’s great-great-grandfath
t the point where the handsome Muggle, Tom Riddle, had abandoned his witch wife, 
Because of the evidence of one Caractacus Burke,” said Dumbledore, “who,
ve an extra-vigorous shake and Caractacus Burke descended back into the swirli
Harry indignantly. “Caractacus Burke was not famed for his generosi
 said Dumbledore gently. “Yes, Merope Riddle chose death in spite of a son 
nd take the iodine upstairs to Martha, Billy Stubbs has been picking his scabs and
has been picking his scabs and Eric Whalley’s oozing all over his 
tarted here myself. New Year’s Eve and bitter cold, snowing, you 
to do it. All I know is he and Billy had argued the day before. And
side or to the seaside — well, Amy Benson and Dennis Bishop were never q
seaside — well, Amy Benson and Dennis Bishop were never quite right afterwa
 him do it.” Harry and the two Dumbledores entered the room, and Mrs. Col
e. “You will leave from King’s Cross Station on the first of September. The
aces around one of the gnarled Snargaluff stumps that formed this term’s
vorites, is it?” “Just for the Slug Club, yes,” said Hermione. The pod f
Slughorn can make you King and Queen Slug — ” “We’re allowed to bring gu
 fussing about for her copy of Flesh-Eating Trees of the World to find out the c
ll with Ginny and Demelza. The Beaters, Peakes and Coote, were getting better
melza. The Beaters, Peakes and Coote, were getting better all the ti
kiss he’s ever had is from our Auntie Muriel —” “Shut your mouth!” bellowed
with an even deeper dip in his Keeping skills, which made him still m
ing Ron. “And guess what? That Slytherin Chaser Vaisey — he took a Bludger in the hea
nny brightly. “They’re playing Harper instead; he’s in my year and h
g slightly more animated. “And Vaisey off too, he’s their best goal 
ad his hand crushed by the new Slytherin Captain, Urquhart. “Mount your brooms. 
this year. Many thought, given Ronald Weasley’s patchy performance a
’s first attempt on goal, it’s Urquhart streaking down the pitch and —
st, he extricated himself from Romilda Vane, who was hinting heavily that s
table, he walked straight into Ginny, Arnold the Pygmy Puff riding on her s
eard a sob before it slammed.  Snow was swirling against the icy w
ent. …” Harry turned a page of Quintessence, aware that Ron was watching hi
and continued to make notes on Everlasting Elixirs, occasionally pausing to deciph
 Hermione. “It’s part of their Owl Order Service.” “You know a lot abou
ok,” sighed Hermione, “Secrecy Sensors detect jinxes, curses, and con
,” muttered Harry, thinking of Romilda Vane. “— so it would be down t
box into his hands. “Chocolate Cauldrons, they’ve got firewhisky in them
g herself in between Harry and Ron, Lavender flung her arms around Ron’s ne
aren’t you?” “Yes, I’m meeting Cormac at eight, and we’re —” There w
. “Harry, I’d like you to meet Eldred Worple, an old student of mine, author
old student of mine, author of Blood Brothers: My Life Amongst the 
, author of Blood Brothers: My Life Amongst the Vampires — and, of course,
 enthusiastically; the vampire Sanguini, who was tall and emaciated wit
, I am simply delighted!” said Worple, peering shortsightedly up into
 an angry, drunken titter. “Or Dobbin, as I prefer to think of him. Y
r of her furious criticisms of Firenze, Harry drew closer to Hermione and sa
, I’ve just been treated to ‘A Hundred Great Saves Made by Cormac McLaggen’ nonstop ev
f the utmost importance!” “Ah, Sybill, we all think our subject’s mos
e me, first lesson, Draught of Living Death — never had a student produce 
Slughorn. “Defense Against the Dark Arts, Charms, Transfiguration, Herbology …” “All the subjects required,
r. “The Aurors are part of the Rotfang Conspiracy, I thought everyone knew that. 
 would protect you. I made the Unbreakable Vow, Draco —” “Looks like you’ll have to 
protect him, that he’d made an Unbreakable Oath or something — ” “An Unbreakab
a paper-chain explosion. Fred, George, Harry, and Ron were the only ones who
rs. Weasley’s favorite singer, Celestina Warbeck, whose voice was warbling out o
cularly jazzy number called “A Cauldron Full of Hot, Strong Love,” Fred and
ber called “A Cauldron Full of Hot, Strong Love,” Fred and George started
eck began a ballad called “You Charmed the Heart Right Out of Me.” “M
ballad called “You Charmed the Heart Right Out of Me.” “Mr. Weasley, you know
at during the year I taught at Hogwarts, Severus made the Wolfsbane Potion for 
 “And it is hard to argue with Greyback out there. …” “Who’s Greyback?
s he invented. One of them was Levicorpus —” “Oh, that one had a great v
er, thinking of werewolves and Snape, Stan Shunpike and the Half-Blood Prince, and
old letters were the words: My Sweetheart “Nice,” he said. “Classy. You 
inister around the garden when Ginny, Fleur, and George also had clean plat
 ample opportunity to speak to Gawain Robards, my successor as Head of the Au
strode back toward the house.  Late in the afternoon, a few days a
he afternoon, a few days after New Year, Harry, Ron, and Ginny lined up beside the 
 say good-bye, as Mr. Weasley, Fred, George, Bill, and Fleur were all at work. Mr
Ron at once, “pretty eventful, Rufus Scrim —” “I’ve got something for you
le for a twelve-week course of Apparition Lessons from a Ministry of Magic Appar
ion Lessons from a Ministry of Magic Apparition instructor. Please sign below 
cate disappearance. “Me cousin Fergus does it just to annoy me, you 
d say anything about Snape and Malfoy, Dumbledore spoke. “I hear that you met th
d then closed it again. Behind Harry, Fawkes the phoenix let out a low, sof
ain’t I?” “Marvolo’s son?” “ ’ Course I am, then …” Morfin pushed th
ing room of the big house: Tom Riddle Senior and his mother and father. “Th
hey also knew that a convicted Muggle-hater lived across the valley from t
 sure what happened. Voldemort Stupefied his uncle, took his wand, and 
ough there was already a shiny Galleon-sized bald patch on his crown. His m
was not quite as rotund as the Slughorn Harry knew, though the golden button
 father. “Sir, is it true that Professor Merrythought is retiring?” he asked. “Tom, 
. “I don’t know anything about Horcruxes and I wouldn’t tell you if I d
lished at Occlumency than poor Morfin Gaunt, and I would be astonished if h
is afternoon. …” “Oh, well, if Won-Won thinks that, you’d better do i
gh this afternoon! Golpalott’s Third Law … who can tell me — ? But Miss
ion’s ingredients by Scarpin’s Revelaspell, our primary aim is not the rel
 ” It was not an answer to the Golpalott problem, and had Snape still b
s this, in the introduction to Magick Moste Evile — listen — ‘Of the Horcrux, wi
Moste Evile — listen — ‘Of the Horcrux, wickedest of magical invention
 as they assembled in front of Professors McGonagall, Snape, Flitwick, and Sprout — the Heads of Hous
 called for quiet. “My name is Wilkie Twycross and I shall be your Ministry A
e Twycross and I shall be your Ministry Apparition instructor for the next twelve
e able to prepare you for your Apparition Tests in this time —” “Malfoy, be qu
” said Twycross. “Destination, Determination, Deliberation! “Step one: Fix y
ded lookouts. “Step two,” said Twycross, “focus your determination to o
ough he was straining to lay a Quaffle-sized egg. Harry bit back a laugh an
oked around, terrified, to see Susan Bones of Hufflepuff wobbling in her 
 —” But an hour later, Susan’s Splinching was still the most interesting
few more people had managed to Splinch themselves. Frustration was ru
im, the politest of which were Dogbreath and Dunghead. “Happy birthday,
ked thoughtfully at the box of Chocolate Cauldrons, then shrugged and helped himse
oking for the map, they’re the Chocolate Cauldrons Romilda gave me before Christmas, and 
 “Well, a very happy birthday, Ralph —” “Ron —” whispered Harry. Bu
wonder Dumbledore’s angry with Sn — ” Hagrid stopped in his trac
ot now yeh’ve given up Care of Mag —” “Don’t try and make me feel
trife and when there’s trouble Call on Peevsie, he’ll make double!
of the Quidditch match against Hufflepuff, Harry dropped in on the hospital win
ll, good luck. Hope you hammer McLag — I mean, Smith.” “I’ll try,” 
n’t see you coming —” “I’m the Captain, McLaggen, shut up giving them instructio
ingly. He shook hands with the Hufflepuff Captain, and then, on Madam Hooch’s whi
them — oh, look, he’s lost the Quaffle, Ginny took it from him, I do like he
 of butterbeer corks. … Beside Luna, Professor McGonagall was looking slightly uncomfort
 his name, it’s something like Bibble — no, Buggins —” “It’s Cadwall
’s something like Bibble — no, Buggins —” “It’s Cadwallader!” said Pr
 no sign of it. Moments later, Cadwallader scored. McLaggen had been shou
entates from now on. … Loser’s Lurgy …” But Harry was still too ang
ally excellent for warding off Gulping Plimpies.” And she walked away
 later, and though he sat with Lavender, Harry did not see them exchange a wo
 now an outcast, nor can I ask Sybill Trelawney to leave. Between ourselves, s
and made it look as though his Uncle Morfin did it. Then he went back to H
e of Hokey. Before we see what Hokey witnessed, I must quickly reco
efect, Head Boy, winner of the Award for Special Services to the Sc
d Boy, winner of the Award for Special Services to the School. I know that sev
n old Professor by the name of Galatea Merrythought, who had been at Hogwarts for n
very rich witch by the name of Hepzibah Smith.” Dumbledore tapped a bo
n asked this question, because Hepzibah Smith looked a long way from lovely 
” “I’d be glad to see anything Miss Hepzibah shows me,” said Voldemort quie
uld not find a group of them — Nott, Rosier, Mulciber, Dolohov — awaiting your return? Devote
ry. “If it hadn’t been for the Prince, Ron wouldn’t be sitting here now.”
t of time worrying aloud about Apparition, Ron was now struggling to finish a
“It’s one of Fred and George’s Spell-Check ones … but I think the charm m
uirement on there!” “Maybe the Marauders never knew the room was there,
, “The Mudblood is speaking to Kreacher, Kreacher will pretend he cannot hear —”
e Potion. He stole some of the Polyjuice Potion Slughorn showed us in our first Potions
y had vanished. “I’d have that Apparition Test in the bag.” Harry did not sle
 burglary … and someone called Octavius Pepper has vanished. … Oh, and how ho
 been wasted on you, Potter. ‘ Ghosts are transparent. ’ ” Pansy Par
g more sophisticated from you, Ronald Weasley, the boy so solid he cannot App
s mimbletonia. ” Ron scowled.  Patches of bright blue sky were beginn
 a Ministry of Magic leaflet — Common Apparition Mistakes and How to Avoid Them — for th
Apparition Mistakes and How to Avoid Them — for they were taking their t
 had run. Dear Harry, Ron, and Hermione, Aragog died last night. Harry and Ron
 happy, do they?” “They’re the Montgomery sisters and of course they don
nce’s version of “An Elixir to Induce Euphoria,” which seemed not on
d; Slughorn had pronounced his Hiccuping Solution merely “passable.” The bell ra
lot of good quality venom from Aragog, Harry thought, for Slughorn wore a s
t yet managed to bring off the Refilling Charm without saying the incantation
ghorn a little thickly, “Parry Otter, the Chosen Boy Who — well — so
tle thickly, “Parry Otter, the Chosen Boy Who — well — something of that sor
 thing … terrible thing …” And Odo the hero, they bore him back h
nt to hear …” “I forgot,” lied Harry, Felix Felicis leading him on. “You liked her
ts that’ll give you details on Horcruxes, Tom, that’s very Dark stuff, very D
h that leads to immortality. ’ That was what you told me he said. 
d not. He was referring to his Horcruxes, Horcruxes in the plural, Harry, which I 
ttles. …” “You are thinking of Portkeys, Harry, which must be ordinary objects
 said Dumbledore. “Without his Horcruxes, Voldemort will be a mortal man with a ma
 the difference in the world.  Exhausted but delighted with his night’s
 had started to fall. Lavender Brown, Harry noticed, glared at Hermione fr
’s eye, he watched a parade of Crabbes and Goyles prance past, all tr
atched a parade of Crabbes and Goyles prance past, all transformed i
own; turning to it, he saw the Sectumsempra spell, captioned “For Enemies,
 this respect; interest in the Gryffindor-Ravenclaw game was running extremely hig
for the match would decide the Championship, which was still wide open. If 
 days before the match against Ravenclaw, Harry found himself walking down to 
ry exploded; Harry attempted a Leg-Locker Curse that backfired off the wall be
nded using an illegal hex upon Bertram Aubrey. Aubrey’s head twice no
that Harry understood to mean, Well — if you must. The creature in
ol competitions. “Her name was Eileen Prince. Prince, Harry.” They l
re’s a whole collection of old Prophets up there. Well, I’m going to f
m going to find out more about Eileen Prince if I can.” “Enjoy yourself,” s
on, returning to his copy of A Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi. “You don’t think I’
 the appearance at his side of Jimmy Peakes, who was holding out a scroll o
 scroll of parchment. “Thanks, Jimmy … Hey, it’s from Dumbledore!” 
eer … but you were a wonderful Object …” Harry did not reply; he had
ney, that he had given Ron and Hermione Felix Felicis. … He suddenly wished 
 cannot be penetrated by hand, Vanished, parted, scooped up, or siphone
r siphoned away, nor can it be Transfigured, Charmed, or otherwise made to change it
ounded agonizing. “Aguamenti — Aguamenti — AGUAMENTI!” The goblet fille
ezing water. “I am with you.”  Once back under the starry sky, Har
ility Cloak.” Harry pulled his Cloak out of his pocket and threw it
In the dim green glow from the Mark, Harry saw Dumbledore clutching at hi
al staircase that led to where Dumbledore, Malfoy, and Harry stood, and Harry’s h
tea party. “And you’ve brought Alecto too. … Charming …” The woman g
“Always the same, weren’t yeh, Dumby, talking and doing nothing, not
roblem, Snape,” said the lumpy Amycus, whose eyes and wand were fixed
ocked in combat with the lumpy Death Eater, Amycus, who was throwing hex after hex
 enjoying the sport: “Crucio — Crucio — you can’t dance forever, pre
 and Harry glimpsed the female Death Eater, Alecto, sprinting away down the corrid
 concentration, Harry thought, Levi — “No, Potter!” screamed Snape
 from the moment that the full Body-Bind Curse Dumbledore had placed upon him lifted, kn
, in a bed near the door. Ron, Hermione, Luna, Tonks, and Lupin were gathered around
 Snape — and Snape did it. The Avada Kedavra. ” Harry couldn’t go o
n her hands. “My fault. I sent Filius to fetch Snape tonight, I actu
ed, briefly, about the pair of Vanishing Cabinets and the magical pathway they f
 it all went pitch-black —” “— Peruvian Instant Darkness Powder,” said Ron bitterly. “F
oducts.” “We tried everything, Lumos, Incendio,” said Ginny. “Nothin
o have exhausted his supply of Darkness Powder, at any rate. A fight broke out
nd we gave chase. One of them, Gibbon, broke away and headed up the t
o obvious now, Snape must have Stupefied Flitwick, but we didn’t realize, Harry, 
aiting for the explosion. “Our Great-Auntie Muriel,” said Mrs. Weasley aft
ck on the door behind them and Professors Sprout, Flitwick, and Slughorn traipsed into the
difficulty in finding a bed in Hogsmeade, Seamus told Harry and Ron, for wizard
rward toward Harry with a most Hermione-ish look on her face. “Harry, I fo
 wizards with those initials — Rosalind Antigone Bungs … Rupert ‘Axebanger’ Brookstan
one Bungs … Rupert ‘Axebanger’ Brookstanton … but they don’t seem to fit a
 find a shred of evidence that Bungs or Axebanger ever had anything
hred of evidence that Bungs or Axebanger ever had anything to do with h
n Prince marrying a man called Tobias Snape, and then later an announcement
with silver. He had never seen Professor Sprout, Head of the Hufflepuffs, looking so
y Cauldron in London; Arabella Figg, Harry’s Squib neighbor; the ha
rry now sat, and conversing in Mermish with the Merchieftainess. Harr
ost from view. Harry looked at Ginny, Ron, and Hermione: Ron’s face was s
Thought I might be late,” said Yaxley, his blunt features sliding in 
usceptible.” “I assure you, my Lord, Dawlish seemed quite certain,” said Ya
pe. “I assure you, Yaxley, the Auror Office will play no further part in t
placing an Imperius Curse upon Pius Thicknesse.” Many of those sit
a start,” said Voldemort. “But Thicknesse is only one man. Scrimgeour mu
, as Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement, Thicknesse has regular contact not only w
tment of Magical Transport. If Potter Apparates or uses the Floo Network, we s
 we are joined here tonight by Charity Burbage who, until recently, taught at
eeth cackled. “Yes … Professor Burbage taught the children of witches
r twitch of Malfoy’s wand, and Charity fell silent as if gagged. “Not
 Wizarding children, last week Professor Burbage wrote an impassioned defense o
 that flickered feebly between Support CEDRIC DIGGORY and POTTER STIN
ALBUS DUMBLEDORE REMEMBERED by Elphias Doge I met Albus Dumbledore at the 
a year previously, his father, Percival, had been convicted of a savage
celebrated alchemist; Bathilda Bagshot, the noted historian; and Adalb
o learned publications such as Transfiguration Today, Challenges in Charming, and The Practical
y, Challenges in Charming, and The Practical Potioneer . Dumbledore’s future career s
the job, however, he never had Ministerial ambitions. Three years after w
e of our trip, Albus’s mother, Kendra, died, leaving Albus the head, 
rrow escapes from chimaeras in Greece to the experiments of the Egyp
 of his sister, Ariana. Though Ariana had been in poor health for a 
ression, even in newsprint, of X-raying Harry, whose sadness mingled with a s
n the explosive new biography, The Life and Lies of Albus Dumbledore, 
ve new biography, The Life and Lies of Albus Dumbledore, by Rita S
er, exclusively interviewed by Betty Braithwaite, page 13, inside. Harry ripped 
, widely publicized remarks of Elphias Doge, Special Advisor to the Wizengamot and longstan
 were sitting at the bottom of Lake Windermere, kept telling me to watch out f
 watch out for trout.” And yet Elphias Doge’s accusations of inaccura
lot of important toes. But old Dodgy Doge can get off his high hippogrif
red, I ask? “Now, come off it, Betty, I’m not giving away all the hi
ith goats, worse even than the Muggle-maiming father — Dumbledore couldn’t k
s I reveal in chapter sixteen, Ivor Dillonsby claims he had already discover
an entire chapter to the whole Potter-Dumbledore relationship. It’s been called
nd down the living room, “we — Petunia, Dudley, and I — are in danger. From — 
 to pace yet again, “that this Lord Thing —” “— Voldemort,” said Harry i
 the job —” “If we’d even seen CVs …” began Uncle Vernon, but Har
m the house with your family’s Disapparition, Harry; thus, the charm breaks 
ght you were looking after the Muggle Prime Minister?” he called across th
ly told you, we had to abandon Plan A. Pius Thicknesse has gone ov
ich means you’ve still got the Trace on you.” “I don’t —” “The Trac
 parents’. There will be seven Harry Potters moving through the skies tonig
one. “Altogether, then …” Ron, Hermione, Fred, George, Fleur, and Mundungus drank. All of th
lasses. Once dressed, the fake Harrys took rucksacks and owl cages, 
onto a great black thestral by Kingsley, Fleur onto the other by Bill. Hagrid
members had risen, oblivious — Screams, a blaze of green light on ever
e handlebars and sped up. More Killing Curses flew past Harry’s head from th
d, away from the two remaining Death Eaters, Harry spat blood out of his mouth, p
d by the red light of his next Stunning Spell, Harry saw the strangely blank face o
it right after he had tried to Disarm Stan. … “We’re nearly there, H
r, completely out of control — Green jets of light shot past them a
 too much for the broomstick — Barely gripping the plummeting bike w
me another scream, “Your wand, Selwyn, give me your wand!” He felt Vo
 your tooth, and your arm. I’m Ted, by the way, Ted Tonks — Dora’s
your arm. I’m Ted, by the way, Ted Tonks — Dora’s father.” Harry sat up
sed like an open wound. “Death Eaters, loads of them — we were chased
 insincere. “I’ll tell Tonks — Dora — to send word, when she … Tha
 reminding him of the sneering Hufflepuff Zacharias Smith, who had jeered at Harry for wa
ley. “Who else is back?” “Only Harry, Hagrid, George, and me.” Hermione stifled a li
ed and Mr. Weasley? Where were Bill, Fleur, Tonks, Mad-Eye, and Mundungus? “Harry, give us
 me quite as much as she wants Harry, Remus, she tried very hard to kill me
 time the continued absence of Bill, Fleur, Mad-Eye, and Mundungus seemed to lie up
m going to have to get back to Downing Street, I should have been there an ho
t he heard the faintest pop as Kingsley Disapparated just beyond the Burrow’s bound
erchief: She had been close to Mad-Eye, Harry knew, his favorite and his pro
kon you already know where the You-Know-Whats are?” “No,” Harry admitted. “I
at’s not mine, I don’t support Puddlemere United.” “Oh, of course not,” 
if you’d change the sheets for Monsieur and Madame Delacour; you know 
ione. She threw Numerology and Grammatica onto one pile and The Rise and
onvinced they’re really called Wendell and Monica Wilkins, and that t
y’re really called Wendell and Monica Wilkins, and that their life’s ambition
g,” said Ron. “I dunno why the Delacours have got to come two days befo
as she pored indecisively over Break with a Banshee. “Well, guests 
d you wanted to go to Godric’s Hollow first, Harry, and I understand
make a Horcrux. Secrets of the Darkest Art — it’s a horrible book, really
were gone, replaced by two new Flutterby bushes standing either side of
erby bushes. “Dear lady!” said Monsieur Delacour, still holding Mrs. Weasley’s h
looked exhausted. “Millamant’s Magic Marquees … they’re very good, Bill’s es
 Gorgovitch?” “Who?” “Dragomir Gorgovitch, Chaser, transferred to the Chudley Can
Reveling in the removal of his Trace, Harry sent Ron’s possessions flying 
d Ron. “It’s pure gold: Twelve Fail-Safe Ways to Charm Witches. Explains eve
t the table, as the arrival of Madame Delacour, Fleur, and Gabrielle made the kitchen
 on one wall, and a picture of Gwenog Jones, Captain of the all-witch Quidditch tea
e all-witch Quidditch team the Holyhead Harpies, on the other. A desk stood fac
int even before the arrival of Charlie, Lupin, Tonks, and Hagrid, several tables wer
und time to peruse his copy of Twelve Fail-Safe Ways to Charm Witches; he caught Gi
rry the thumbs-up and mouthed, Good one. By seven o’clock all the 
rwegian Ridgeback? We call her Norberta now.” “Wha — Norbert’s a girl?
ley. She was trying to talk to Madame Delacour while glancing repeatedly at t
 dismissively. “The Decree for Justifiable Confiscation gives the Ministry the power t
planning to follow a career in Magical Law, Miss Granger?” asked Scrimgeour. “N
e unrolled and read aloud. “ ‘ The Last Will and Testament of Albus Perciva
d aloud. “ ‘ The Last Will and Testament of Albus Percival Wulfric Bria
edore’ … Yes, here we are. … ‘ To Ronald Bilius Weasley, I leave my Deluminator, in the
ald Bilius Weasley, I leave my Deluminator, in the hope that he will remem
back to Dumbledore’s will. “ ‘ To Miss Hermione Jean Granger, I leave my copy of The Tales o
an Granger, I leave my copy of The Tales of Beedle the Bard, in the hop
 leave my copy of The Tales of Beedle the Bard, in the hope that she
opy of The Tales of Beedle the Bard, in the hope that she will find
r turned back to the will. “ ‘ To Harry James Potter, ’ ” he read, and Harry’s insid
 will this time. “The sword of Godric Gryffindor,” he said. Hermione
ting their time stripping down Deluminators or covering up breakouts from 
his book,” said Hermione, “The Tales of Beedle the Bard … I’ve neve
 aren’t they? ‘The Fountain of Fair Fortune’ … ‘The Wizard and the
Fortune’ … ‘The Wizard and the Hopping Pot’ … ‘Babbitty Rabbitty and 
d the Hopping Pot’ … ‘Babbitty Rabbitty and her Cackling Stump’ …” “Ex
’ … ‘Babbitty Rabbitty and her Cackling Stump’ …” “Excuse me?” said He
ermione. “You must’ve heard of Babbitty Rabbitty —” “Ron, you know full well Ha
we were little, we heard ‘Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs’ and ‘Cin
e them their correct name, the Gernumbli gardensi. ” “Ours do know a lo
 serenely as Harry led her and Xenophilius toward their seats, “but my fa
nevra. Merlin’s beard, what is Xenophilius Lovegood wearing? He looks like an omel
 no queue outside. “Nightmare, Muriel is,” said Ron, mopping his for
ause Fred and George set off a Dung-bomb under her chair at dinner. Dad
air was sleek and shiny. “Your Great-Aunt Muriel doesn’t agree, I just met her 
 lopsided. Old bat. I wish old Uncle Bilius was still with us, though; he 
ar on his forehead. … “Do you, William Arthur, take Fleur Isabelle … ?” In th
 “Do you, William Arthur, take Fleur Isabelle … ?” In the front row, Mrs. We
sley.” They shook hands. “You, Barny — you know this man Lovegood v
who had lost family members to Grindelvald taught them better.” Krum crac
gh I know, of course, that you Britons set much store by Ollivander.”
be second class; but naturally Kendra Dumbledore wouldn’t have dreamed of letti
nformation, Elphias, my cousin Lancelot was a Healer at St. Mungo’s at
 him in the face. According to Bathilda, Albus did not even defend himself, a
r is dead. They are coming. ”  Everything seemed fuzzy, slow. Harry and 
rrounded by people. “Tottenham Court Road,” panted Hermione. “Walk,
 ruddy hell — ?” “Undetectable Extension Charm,” said Hermione. “Tricky
t as a matter of interest, why Tottenham Court Road?” Ron asked Hermione. “I’
layer of grease lay on all the Formica-topped tables, but it was at least em
this?” “Yes, I took out all my Building Society savings before I came to the B
posters. I think the big one’s Thorfinn Rowle.” “Never mind what they’
er two gaped. “Don’t be silly, Harry, Snape can get in there!” “Ron’s dad 
, “That m-must have b-been the T-Tongue-Tying Curse Mad-Eye set up for Snape!” Gingerly Ha
 cold, merciless voice. “More, Rowle, or shall we end it and feed yo
tion of A History of Magic, by Bathilda Bagshot, and another as belonging to a 
pled. He smoothed it out. Dear Padfoot, Thank you, thank you, for Harry’s bi
s incredible that Dumbledore — That Dumbledore what? But there were any numbe
 stuck on his bedroom door: Do Not Enter Without the Express Permission of Regu
door: Do Not Enter Without the Express Permission of Regulus Arcturus Black Exci
hout the Express Permission of Regulus Arcturus Black Excitement trickled through Harry, but he
’s brother, wasn’t it? Regulus Arcturus … Regulus … R.A.B. ! The locke
 noticed another photograph; a Hogwarts Quidditch team was smiling and waving ou
s still tight shut. “Mundungus Fletcher stole it all: Miss Bella’s and
art with his lawless ways. But Master Regulus had proper pride; he knew what
l of potion on the island. The D-Dark Lord made Kreacher drink it. …” The
 to save him, he cried for his Mistress Black, but the Dark Lord only laughed
ius —” “Sirius was horrible to Kreacher, Harry, and it’s no good looking like 
ng with the usual loud crack.  If Kreacher could escape a lake full of In
er could escape a lake full of Inferi, Harry was confident that the capture
ried a variety of unsuccessful Transfigurations, did nothing to help. Kreacher 
 a gesture of surrender. “I am Remus John Lupin, werewolf, sometimes known as M
 I taught you how to produce a Patronus, Harry, which takes the form of a stag
impossible to track anyone who Apparates, unless you grab hold of them a
 they were just strolling down Tottenham Court Road at the time, does it?” said Ha
e forcing their way into every Order-connected house in the country. No death
igned; he has been replaced by Pius Thicknesse, who is under the Imperius Curs
ecrets of the Darkest Art. “ ‘ Muggle-born Register, ’ ” she read aloud. “ ‘ The Mi
o possess magical secrets. “ ‘ Recent research undertaken by the Dep
terview by the newly appointed Muggle-born Registration Commission. ’ ” “People won’t 
because students must be given Blood Status — meaning that they have prove
one’s unspoken reproaches. The Daily Prophet Lupin had brought was still lying on
it. Harry thought of photos of Native Americans he’d seen as he studied her da
OGRAPHY OF ALBUS DUMBLEDORE by Rita Skeeter Thinking that it could hardly make him 
re could not bear to remain in Mould-on-the-Wold after her husband Percival’s w
ghter if I hadn’t been picking Plangentines by moonlight the winter after 
s Dumbledore at Hogwarts — the Prizes and the Pretense. Harry had be
aloft. “Perhaps just one more, Master Harry, for luck?” Ron laughed. “We ne
 seemed to be tingling again.  As August wore on, the square of unkempt
r normal clothing. Most of the Londoners who passed them were used to e
evious Muggle Studies teacher, Alecto Carrow will take over the post while 
rding traditions and values —’ Like committing murder and cutting 
 name of Merlin’s most baggy Y Fronts was that about?” “I remembered
idair. “Dad said everyone from Magical Maintenance wears navy blue robes.” “But y
w, because Ron heard those two Unspeakables complaining about it. And we k
owever, he was thinking not of Polyjuice Potion, Puking Pastilles, or the navy blue robes of Magi
n … Invisibility Cloak … Decoy Detonators … You should each take a coupl
 couple just in case. … Puking Pastilles, Nosebleed Nougat, Extendable Ears …” They gulped down their brea
little witch’s handbag. “She’s Mafalda Hopkirk,” he said, reading a s
h he wanted to go? Anyway, I’m Reg Cattermole, according to the label in the 
 whom Harry was impersonating, Runcorn, was intimidating. “Psst!” said
idened. “You think it’s funny, Cattermole, do you?” A pair of witches bro
o appreciate this treatment of Cattermole, Yaxley swept away toward another lift
ow do I stop it raining?” “Try Finite Incantatem,” said Hermione at 
something’s gone wrong with an Atmospheric Charm, which will be more difficult t
, leering, and muttered, “Dirk Cresswell, eh? From Goblin Liaison? Nice 
red, “Dirk Cresswell, eh? From Goblin Liaison? Nice one, Albert. I’m
n the courtroom. Good morning, Albert, aren’t you getting out?” “Yes,
olden title: MUDBLOODS and the Dangers They Pose to a Peaceful Pure-Blood Socie
and the Dangers They Pose to a Peaceful Pure-Blood Society Beneath the title was a picture of a r
UNDERSECRETARY TO THE MINISTER Below that, a slightly shinier new p
neath the Cloak, he placed the Decoy Detonator on the ground. It scuttled awa
g monitored. Strong likelihood Undesirable No. 1 will contact (has stayed
amily previously) “Undesirable Number One,” Harry muttered under his
understand what you’re saying, Wakanda, but I’m afraid I cannot be par
 it, so they’ve sent me to get Bernie — Pillsworth, I think they sai
hey’ve sent me to get Bernie — Pillsworth, I think they said —” “Yes, a l
said Mr. Weasley. “Did you try Meteolojinx Recanto? It worked for Bletchl
ear you laid information about Dirk Cresswell.” Harry had the impr
a wizard, he was, look him up, Arkie Alderton, he’s a well-known broomstick d
llowed him from sight. “Next — Mary Cattermole,” called Umbridge. 
 and bound her there. “You are Mary Elizabeth Cattermole?” asked Umbridge. M
single, shaky nod. “Married to Reginald Cattermole of the Magical Maintenance Dep
bridge ignored her. “Mother to Maisie, Ellie, and Alfred Cattermole?” Mrs. C
 “Mother to Maisie, Ellie, and Alfred Cattermole?” Mrs. Cattermole s
 way along the platform behind Umbridge, Yaxley, and Hermione, taking a seat be
zing into his face. “But — but Reg said you were the one who subm
 do yours, Hermione.” “Expec — Expecto patronum, ” said Hermione. Not
here.” “What d’you — ?” “As we Disapparated, Yaxley caught hold of me and I couldn
 I forced him to let go with a Revulsion Jinx, but I’d already taken him insi
. Since Dumbledore died, we’re Secret-Keepers, so I’ve given him the secret, 
e upon their clearing. “Salvio Hexia … Protego Totalum … Repello Mu
aring. “Salvio Hexia … Protego Totalum … Repello Muggletum … Muffliat
ia … Protego Totalum … Repello Muggletum … Muffliato … You could get ou
t the end of a guy rope. “Cave Inimicum, ” Hermione finished with a sky
transported Mrs. Cattermole by Side-Along-Apparition and they’ll be fleeing the cou
 Ron fret over the fate of the Cattermoles, and there was such tenderness 
nasty shade of green. With the Sneakoscope Hermione had given Harry for his birthd
 he had just seen. “He’s found Gregorovitch, Hermione, and I think he’s killed him, b
ry, wild; there was a Fred and George-ish air of triumphant trickery abo
im when he did not react, “the Horcrux, Harry, you’re still wearing it!” She 
 Food is the first of the five Principal Exceptions to Gamp’s Law of Elemental Tra
al Exceptions to Gamp’s Law of Elemental Transfigur —” “Oh, speak English, can’t y
he whispered back, “Muffliato, Muggle-Repelling and Disillusionment Charms, al
of days and joined forces with Gornuk not long after. Nice to have a
an when I made a break for it, Stunned Dawlish, and nicked his broom. It was e
old me, he heard about it from Bill Weasley who works for the bank. One of
 Quibbler? That lunatic rag of Xeno Lovegood’s?” “It’s not so luna
oring, not a single mention of Crumple-Horned Snorkacks in the last issue. How long th
What we really wanted to know, Professor Black, is whether anyone else has, um
’s fart, do you, it’s only the Forbidden Forest, Harry I’ve-Faced-Worse Potter doesn’
then he remembered that he was Undesirable Number One, that there was a ten-thousand-
tiny island in the middle of a Scottish loch, where snow half buried t
on a stomach full of spaghetti Bolognese and tinned pears. He had also 
nding the page she wanted. “ ‘ Upon the signature of the Internati
nd protection. The villages of Tinworth in Cornwall, Upper Flagley in 
n. The villages of Tinworth in Cornwall, Upper Flagley in Yorkshire, and Ottery St. C
Gryffindor was born, and where Bowman Wright, Wizarding smith, forged the first Golden
id, closing the book, “because Professor Bagshot doesn’t cover anything later t
century. But you see? Godric’s Hollow, Godric Gryffindor, Gryffindor’s sword; don’t you 
ame on the headstone. “It says Ig — Ignotus, I think. …” “I’m go
n the headstone. “It says Ig — Ignotus, I think. …” “I’m going to keep
d merely signed their names in Everlasting Ink; others had carved their i
y to sense them suggested some Dumbledore-ish power that he had never encoun
nd beckoned again. Beneath the Cloak Harry and Hermione looked at each ot
ing no sign that she had heard Hermione, Bathilda now shuffled a few steps close
coming for us, and so I cast a Blasting Curse, and it rebounded everywhere, a
 acid-green writing aloud. “ ‘ Dear Batty, Thanks for your help. Here’s a copy o
other’s death, with his friend Gellert Grindelwald. Harry gaped at th
art of a chapter entitled “The Greater Good.” Together, he and Hermio
Hogwarts in a blaze of glory — Head Boy, Prefect, Winner of the Barnabus Finkley Prize 
ad Boy, Prefect, Winner of the Barnabus Finkley Prize for Exceptional Spell-Casting,
the Barnabus Finkley Prize for Exceptional Spell-Casting, British Youth Representative to the Wizengamot, Gold Medal-
sh Youth Representative to the Wizengamot, Gold Medal-Winner for Ground-Breaking Contributi
engamot, Gold Medal-Winner for Ground-Breaking Contribution to the International Alchemica
d-Breaking Contribution to the International Alchemical Conference in Cairo. Dumbledore intended,
dore intended, next, to take a Grand Tour with Elphias “Dogbreath” Doge,
ad case, that Aberforth,” says Enid Smeek, whose family lived on the outs
rans-species transformation in Transfiguration Today . This initial contact led to 
Dillonsby put it to me, or, in Enid Smeek’s slightly earthier phra
is justly famous: In a list of Most Dangerous Dark Wizards of All Time, he would miss out
Most Dangerous Dark Wizards of All Time, he would miss out on the top s
s unfortunate tolerance of the Dark Arts, Grindelwald showed himself quite as precoc
of awards and prizes, however, Gellert Grindelwald devoted himself to other pursu
led, we would never have met.) Albus Astonished and appalled though his many a
ral questions. Why exactly did Aberforth Dumbledore blame Albus for his sister’s d
omination? Is it possible that Ariana Dumbledore was the first person to die “f
 to rule’ rubbish, it’s ‘Magic Is Might’ all over again. But Har
n tugging out tent poles. “The Forest of Dean,” she said. “I came ca
ot. “Ron!” he shouted, but the Riddle-Harry was now speaking with Voldemor
n —” “Presumption!” echoed the Riddle-Hermione, who was more beautiful and yet
walked straight into a gang of Snatchers, Hermione, and I couldn’t go anywhere!” “
the stomach, grabbed his wand, Disarmed the bloke holding mine, and Di
rated. I didn’t do it so well, Splinched myself again” — Ron held up hi
just say you got away from the Snatchers with a spare wand?” “What?” sa
ared use it. Now they’ve put a Taboo on it, anyone who says it is t
ded, “Lovegood’s on your side, Harry, The Quibbler’s been for you all al
 Lovegood. A symbol that links Dumbledore, Grindelwald, and Godric’s Hollow? Harry, I’
 moment —” “But Harry, it’s an Erumpent horn! It’s a Class B Tradeable
 Erumpent horn! It’s a Class B Tradeable Material and it’s an extraordinarily da
 Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them! Mr. Lovegood, you need t
own at the stream, fishing for Freshwater Plimpies. She … she will like 
upon the head of the beautiful Rowena Ravenclaw. ‘ Wit beyond measur
 beautiful Rowena Ravenclaw. ‘ Wit beyond measure is man’s greate
ted to the orange radish, “the Dirigible Plum, so as to enhance the ability t
he added, “Luna is down beyond Bottom Bridge, she is most excited that you a
, she has caught nearly enough Plimpies to make soup for all of us. Do
 an armchair and sat down, his Wellingtoned legs crossed, “how may I help 
u referring to the sign of the Deathly Hallows?”  Harry turned to loo
here is nothing Dark about the Hallows — at least, not in that crude 
everal lumps of sugar into his Gurdyroot infusion and drank some. “I’m 
you are all familiar with “The Tale of the Three Brothers’?” Harry
locked by a hooded figure. “ ‘ And Death spoke to them —’ ” “Sorry,” in
ieking … sorry, Hermione.” “ ‘ Then Death stood aside and allowed the th
a quarrel. Naturally, with the Elder Wand as his weapon, he could not fa
first brother for his own. “ ‘ Meanwhile, the second brother journeyed t
 from between more books. “The Elder Wand,” he said, and he drew a 
 line upon the parchment. “The Resurrection Stone,” he said, and he added 
hey exist. But —” “Ah, but the Third Hallow is a true Cloak of Invisibilit
hird Hallow is a true Cloak of Invisibility, Miss Granger! I mean to say, it is 
usionment Charm, or carrying a Bedazzling Hex, or else woven from Demiguise h
zzling Hex, or else woven from Demiguise hair, which will hide one init
hilius. “The Elder Wand is the Hallow that is most easily traced, be
rd of the way the wand came to Egbert the Egregious, after his slaug
ay the wand came to Egbert the Egregious, after his slaughter of Emeric 
ter of Emeric the Evil? Of how Godelot died in his own cellar after h
 his own cellar after his son, Hereward, took the wand from him? Of the
wand from him? Of the dreadful Loxias, who took the wand from Barnaba
Loxias, who took the wand from Barnabas Deverill, whom he had killed? The bloody
dden? The trail goes cold with Arcus and Livius. Who can say which 
 the Hallows Quest! Many of us Questers believe that the Peverells hav
f us Questers believe that the Peverells have everything — everything! 
pedantically. “The sign of the Deathly Hallows on Ignotus’s grave is conclusi
y the three Peverell brothers, Antioch, Cadmus, and Ignotus! That they were th
always requests our recipe for Freshwater Plimpy soup.” “Probably to show the P
y soup.” “Probably to show the Poisoning Department at St. Mungo’s,” said Ron unde
on grinned at each other. “The Deathstick, the Wand of Destiny, they crop
. “The Deathstick, the Wand of Destiny, they crop up under different n
 gave a huge bang and numerous Quibblers came streaming across the floo
 through the hole. The bust of Rowena Ravenclaw lay beside him with half its f
 to free Ron with the use of a Hover Charm. “All right,” breathed H
teaching all the inmates about Wrackspurts and Nargles.” “I hope you’re r
ring, the ring that became the Horcrux, Marvolo Gaunt said it had the Peverell coat 
t to break open, to reveal the Resurrection Stone, to prove to Hermione that he w
again. The orphanage …” Diagon Alley, Hogwarts, the Riddle House, Borgin and B
…” Diagon Alley, Hogwarts, the Riddle House, Borgin and Burkes, Albania, every pla
, the Riddle House, Borgin and Burkes, Albania, every place that they knew Tom
Ron’s constant refrain. “Upper Flagley is a Wizarding village, he mig
really dangerous. They said on Potterwatch —” “On what?” said Harry. “Pot
 from his contemplation of the Deathly Hallows, Harry hurried back inside the tent t
ione. “But before we hear from Royal and Romulus,” Lee went on, “le
o report those deaths that the Wizarding Wireless Network News and Daily Prophet don’t think 
so killed. It is believed that Muggle-born Dean Thomas and a second goblin, both beli
ed to have been traveling with Tonks, Cresswell, and Gornuk, may have escaped. 
erate for news. “Meanwhile, in Gaddley, a Muggle family of five has be
 minute’s silence in memory of Ted Tonks, Dirk Cresswell, Bathilda Bagshot, Gornuk, and the unnamed, but no less r
,” said Lee. “And now, over to Romulus for our popular feature ‘Pals 
within the last few hours that Rubeus Hagrid” — all three of them ga
We like to refer to him as the Chief Death Eater, and here to give his views on 
s we’ve been hearing about the Chief Death Eater?” “Yes, River, I can,” s
 the Chief Death Eater?” “Yes, River, I can,” said Fred. “As our lis
, we must have a good nineteen You-Know-Whos running around the place.” “Wh
 crawl. “Easy, Greyback,” said Scabior over the jeering of the others
” he roared. “Yeah. There’s no Vernon Dudley on ’ere, Greyback.” “Interesti
 back to where he sat, tied to Ron, Hermione, Dean, and Griphook in the darkness, 
gh his puffy eyelids Harry saw Narcissa Malfoy scrutinizing his swollen face.
wasn’t us.” “Looks more like a Stinging Jinx to me,” said Lucius. His gray 
the Mark. “I shall summon him, Bella, Potter has been brought to my house, 
red light: Harry knew that the Snatcher had been Stunned. There was a 
ation. “We’re in the cellar of Malfoy Manor, help us!” The eye blinked and 
ght. Dobby, I want you to grab Luna, Dean, and Mr. Ollivander, and take t
and Fleur’s,” said Ron. “Shell Cottage on the outskirts of Tinworth!”
re was another loud crack, and Dobby, Luna, Dean, and Ollivander vanished. “What
ad sprinted after Ron. Lucius, Narcissa, Draco, and Greyback wheeled about; Ha
nt outside it. “Dobby, is this Shell Cottage?” he whispered, clutch
 place, for here were Bill and Fleur, Dean and Luna, gathering around him
 killed in the topmost cell of Nurmengard, and why. … And he thought of W
d Harry flatly. “You’re in the Order, Bill, you know Dumbledore left us a 
ase. Harry caught a glimpse of Bill, Fleur, Luna, and Dean sitting at the table 
rrogance again! That sword was Ragnuk the First’s, taken from him by
ways. The other inhabitants of Shell Cottage could hardly fail to notice th
 been driven into hiding, that Bill, Fred, George, and Mr. Weasley could no longe
ck —” “No, it was definitely a Snorkack horn,” said Luna serenely. “Da
ll, they’re still operating an Owl-Order business out of her back room.
is it?” Bill called. “It is I, Remus John Lupin!” called a voice over th
ised them high in a toast. “To Teddy Remus Lupin,” said Lupin, “a great w
ust as reckless a godfather to Teddy Lupin as Sirius Black had been to hi
 had been able to snatch a few Griphook-free moments, had come up with noth
o not recognize him.” “This is Dragomir Despard,” said Hermione; they 
ng long thin golden rods. “Ah, Probity Probes,” sighed Travers theatr
them up and down his body. The Probes, Harry knew, detected spells of conce
stared down at the thin golden Probe and then at his companion, who
shoulders; neither Travers nor Bogrod showed the slightest surprise 
 into it, Bogrod in front with Griphook, Harry, Ron, and Hermione crammed together 
d in bewilderment: The Thief’s Downfall seemed to have lifted the Impe
earned what to expect when the Clankers come. Give them to me.” Ron pa
ered fingers. “They have added Gemino and Flagrante Curses!” said Gr
s. “They have added Gemino and Flagrante Curses!” said Griphook. “Every
: the cup that had belonged to Helga Hufflepuff, which had passed into the poss
 they?” “It was … it was … the P-Potter b-boy and t-two accomplices. …
hearing about the golden cup — Alone amongst the dead he stormed up
are gone? What if he moves the Hogwarts Horcrux, decides it isn’t safe enough?”
e school’s like. Get under the Cloak, Hermione, I want to stick together this 
. He saw the achingly familiar Hogsmeade High Street: dark shop fronts, and 
be easier to kill if he’s been Kissed first!” There were noises of a
your curfew!” “You set off the Caterwauling Charm?” “What if I did? Going 
ou haven’t pressed your little Dark Marks and summoned him. He’s not goi
same impression that they were X-raying the object of their scrutiny, 
d plans for the benefit of all Wizardkind, and if one young girl got negl
, with Snape in charge and the Carrows as his deputies … well, that’s
bottom? There’s a curfew and a Caterwauling Charm on the whole village!” “I know
t, Terry Boot got beaten up by Carrow for yelling about it in the Gr
said Harry, “but tell us about Hogwarts, Neville, we haven’t heard anything.” “I
e. They get taken hostage. Old Xeno Lovegood was getting a bit too outspoke
iti on the walls: Dumbledore’s Army, Still Recruiting, stuff like that. Snape hated i
ve exceptions to Gamp’s Law of Elemental Transfiguration,” said Ron to 
atil twins were there, as were Terry Boot, Ernie Macmillan, Anthony Goldstein, and Michael Corner. “Tell us w
little group of Ravenclaws, to Padma, Michael, Terry, and Cho, but it was Luna who a
not to blast open the door and Stun Amycus before the Death Eater could d
le whelps?” he screamed. “I’ll Cruciate the lot of ’em till they tell 
otter might try and get inside Ravenclaw Tower, and to send for him if we caug
not now he knows I’m attacking Horcruxes, Harry finished the sentence in his h
aircase with silvery light, as Professor McGonagall, Harry, and Luna hurried back down. Al
 from flying spells, Harry saw Professors Flitwick and Sprout sprinting up the co
ain, Snape was in full flight, McGonagall, Flitwick, and Sprout all thundering afte
or McGonagall, pointing at the Snape-shaped hole in the window. “Professor
his forehead. He could see the Inferi-filled lake sliding beneath him, and 
he diadem of Ravenclaw is?” “— Protego Horribilis — the diadem of Ravenclaw?” sq
g under his breath. “And now — Piertotum Locomotor!” cried Professor Mc
ere looking up at him, as were Oliver Wood, Katie Bell, Angelina Johnson and Alicia Spinnet, Bill and F
tie Bell, Angelina Johnson and Alicia Spinnet, Bill and Fleur, and Mr. and Mrs. We
 with Ginny. Around them stood Lupin, Fred, George, Bill, and Fleur. “You’re underage!” 
 off toward the staircase with Bill, Fred, and George. “Ginny!” barked Mr
e Gryffindor table for Ron and Hermione, Ernie Macmillan stood up at the Hufflepuff tab
a great cheer erupted from the Gryffindors, Hufflepuffs, and Ravenclaws. Harry moved up
der of the Phoenix. Professors Flitwick, Sprout, and McGonagall are going to ta
 to the three highest towers — Ravenclaw, Astronomy, and Gryffindor — where they’ll
ed and a little offended. “The Gray Lady, of course; but if it is ghostl
 had never spoken. “You’re the Gray Lady?” She nodded but did not 
ved,” she said stiffly, “I was Helena Ravenclaw.” “You’re her daught
I stole the diadem, ” repeated Helena Ravenclaw in a whisper. “I sought to mak
ll midnight ter gimme Potter.’ Knew yeh mus’ be here, knew what mu
t you were supposed to be with Teddy at your mother’s?” “I couldn’t
et out. We don’t want any more Dobbies, do we? We can’t order them to 
ssed the stuffed troll and the Vanishing Cabinet Draco Malfoy had mended last year with such
virtually lived in the Room of Hidden Things all last year,” said Malfoy, h
de,” grunted Goyle. “We can do Diss-lusion Charms now! And then,” his face split
air. “RUN!” Malfoy grabbed the Stunned Goyle and dragged him along; Crabbe 
hey had been grouped together, Harry, Ron, Hermione, Fred, and Percy, the two Death Eater
, for he was face-to-face with Dolohov, Parvati with Travers. Harry, Ron, and 
deafening blast from her wand, Fenrir Greyback was thrown backward from the f
rs scattered, Death Eaters and Hogwartians alike, and red and green jets 
” said Ron shakily, turning to Luna, Ernie, and Seamus, “you just saved —”
otchy, and hug her. Ron joined Bill, Fleur, and Percy, who flung an arm ar
loser to listen. “… I’m sorry, Tuney, I’m sorry! Listen —” She caugh
ying. “Best friends?” “We are, Sev, but I don’t like some of the p
ou know what he tried to do to Mary Macdonald the other day?” Lily had reach
e beneath the beech tree where James, Sirius, Lupin, and Pettigrew sat together. Bu
ot my intention.” Any sound of Dumbledore Apparating had been drowned by the sound 
mbledore coldly. “If you loved Lily Evans, if you truly loved her, then y
You know, I sometimes think we Sort too soon. …” He walked away, l
s attached to and protected by Harry, Lord Voldemort cannot die.” Harry seemed to b
 to ensure Harry’s safety. Try Confunding Mundungus Fletcher. And Severus, if you 
ing, personally! Lots of love, Lily Snape took the page bearing Lily’s s
ht just have closed the door.  Finally, the truth. Lying with his face
ower to stop it. The images of Fred, Lupin, and Tonks lying dead in the Gr
he people he loved, no hint of Hermione, Ron, Ginny, or any of the other Weasleys, 
 Who shall drag the body? No — Wait —” There was a fresh outbreak 
saw the figure hit the ground, Disarmed, Voldemort throwing the challenger’s wand
ed to the ground at his feet — Hidden beneath the Invisibility Cloak
 his feet — Hidden beneath the Invisibility Cloak, Harry cast a Shield Charm between Ne
ers of Hogsmeade. The centaurs Bane, Ronan, and Magorian burst into the ha
d at their head, the locket of Regulus Black bouncing on his chest, was Kre
 Ron and Neville bringing down Fenrir Greyback, Aberforth Stunning Rookwood, Arthur and Percy flooring Thicknesse,
son. Voldemort was now dueling McGonagall, Slughorn, and Kingsley all at once, and 
 turned in slow motion; he saw McGonagall, Kingsley, and Slughorn blasted backward,
been won from him!” “But then, Potter, Dumbledore as good as gave me the wand!” 
 Hall, away from the bodies of Fred, Tonks, Lupin, Colin Creevey, and fifty others who had died 
 she had cried, “Oooh, look, a Blibbering Humdinger!” and pointed out of
h they had been painted; Dilys Derwent sobbed unashamedly; Dexter For
ough trouble for a lifetime.”  Autumn seemed to arrive suddenly that
rong with that. He might be in Slyth —” But James caught his mother
aces only came into focus when Harry, Ginny, Lily, and Albus had drawn right up t
d you? She thought I’d have to Confund the examiner.” “No, I didn’t,”
and let’s face it, I can use a Supersensory Charm for that.” Back on the platfor
 platform, they found Lily and Hugo, Rose’s younger brother, having
nd Hugo laughed, but Albus and Rose looked solemn. “He doesn’t mea
ly. “I don’t mind sharing with Al — Teddy could have my room!” “
side, yeah, but at school he’s Professor Longbottom, isn’t he? I can’t walk into He
 I’m extremely famous.” Albus, Rose, Hugo, and Lily laughed. The train be
