o it. “Fancy seeing you here, Professor McGonagall.” He turned to smile at the t
at motorcycle?” “Borrowed it, Professor Dumbledore, sir,” said the giant, climbi
e of his eyes was twitching. “Professor Quirrell!” said Hagrid. “Harry, Profes
Tying and Much, Much More) by Professor Vindictus Viridian. “I was trying to fi
’s looking so nervous, that’s Professor Snape. He teaches Potions, but he d
h a dumpy little witch called Professor Sprout, where they learned how to ta
e only one taught by a ghost. Professor Binns had been very old indeed when
nd Uric the Oddball mixed up. Professor Flitwick, the Charms teacher, was a ti
taff table. … Where’s Snape?” Professor Severus Snape was Harry’s least favor
e in — thought you mighta bin Professor Lockhart back again —” Harry and Hermi
 from your concerned teacher, Professor Gilderoy Lockhart, Order of Merlin, Th
expelled. But the headmaster, Professor Dippet, ashamed that such a thing ha
aches?” said Ron, frowning at Professor Lupin’s pallid profile. “That’s obv
straight down to me hut after Professor Kettleburn said he’d had enough. … It’s 
f a large, glittering insect. Professor Trelawney moved into the firelight, and
’s clothes. If all goes well, Professor Boggart Snape will be forced into tha
said. “I heard her talking to Professor Vector, that Arithmancy witch, this 
gray hair. She was talking to Professor Sinistra of the Astronomy department. 
e brightly into the silence. “Professor Moody.” It was usual for new staff 
e you?” “Blooming, thank you, Professor Karkaroff,” Dumbledore replied. Karkaro
“Where’s Hagrid?” “My name is Professor Grubbly-Plank,” she said briskly. “I am you
e also delighted to introduce Professor Umbridge, our new Defense Against the 
itute teacher standing in for Professor Hagrid.” Harry exchanged uneasy look
rably. “Gran’s always telling Professor Marchbanks I’m not as good as my dad... 
d so tightly his hand shook. “Professor Tofty is free, Potter,” squeaked Pr
 or, as we must now call him, Professor Slughorn — but to put you on your guar
father. “Sir, is it true that Professor Merrythought is retiring?” he asked. “Tom,
pointed teeth cackled. “Yes … Professor Burbage taught the children of witche
ellus?” said Hermione again. “Professor Black? Please could we talk to you?
d, closing the book, “because Professor Bagshot doesn’t cover anything later 
May I ask what you are doing, Professor Carrow?” “Trying — to get — through 
ide, yeah, but at school he’s Professor Longbottom, isn’t he? I can’t walk into 
