o it. “Fancy seeing you here, Professor McGonagall.” He turned to smi
 was me?” she asked. “My dear Professor, I’ve never seen a cat sit so
n a brick wall all day,” said Professor McGonagall. “All day? When yo
 and parties on my way here.” Professor McGonagall sniffed angrily. “
n years.” “I know that,” said Professor McGonagall irritably. “But th
nd of.” “No, thank you,” said Professor McGonagall coldly, as though 
Know-Who has gone —” “My dear Professor, surely a sensible person lik
his proper name: Voldemort. ” Professor McGonagall flinched, but Dumb
.” “I know you haven’t,” said Professor McGonagall, sounding half exa
e she liked my new earmuffs.” Professor McGonagall shot a sharp look 
 stopped him?” It seemed that Professor McGonagall had reached the po
 ” Dumbledore bowed his head. Professor McGonagall gasped. “Lily and 
 … I know …” he said heavily. Professor McGonagall’s voice trembled a
 “It’s — it’s true?” faltered Professor McGonagall. “After all he’s d
bledore. “We may never know.” Professor McGonagall pulled out a lace 
ere, by the way?” “Yes,” said Professor McGonagall. “And I don’t supp
 people who live here?” cried Professor McGonagall, jumping to her fe
letter.” “A letter?” repeated Professor McGonagall faintly, sitting b
until he’s ready to take it?” Professor McGonagall opened her mouth, 
n’t in the right place,” said Professor McGonagall grudgingly, “but y
at motorcycle?” “Borrowed it, Professor Dumbledore, sir,” said the gi
over Bristol.” Dumbledore and Professor McGonagall bent forward over 
“Is that where — ?” whispered Professor McGonagall. “Yes,” said Dumbl
a wounded dog. “Shhh!” hissed Professor McGonagall, “you’ll wake the 
, Hagrid, or we’ll be found,” Professor McGonagall whispered, patting
le; Hagrid’s shoulders shook, Professor McGonagall blinked furiously,
 get this bike away. G’night, Professor McGonagall — Professor Dumble
shall see you soon, I expect, Professor McGonagall,” said Dumbledore,
 could read upside down: Dear Professor Dumbledore, Given Harry his l
e of his eyes was twitching. “Professor Quirrell!” said Hagrid. “Harr
rts.” “P-P-Potter,” stammered Professor Quirrell, grasping Harry’s ha
t sort of magic do you teach, Professor Quirrell?” “D-Defense Against
 the D-D-Dark Arts,” muttered Professor Quirrell, as though he’d rath
. But the others wouldn’t let Professor Quirrell keep Harry to himsel
Told yeh you was famous. Even Professor Quirrell was tremblin’ ter me
e also got a letter here from Professor Dumbledore,” said Hagrid impo
Tying and Much, Much More) by Professor Vindictus Viridian. “I was tr
is thanks, sounding just like Professor Quirrell. “Don’ mention it,” 
people in the Leaky Cauldron, Professor Quirrell, Mr. Ollivander … bu
 his partner, Nicolas Flamel. Professor Dumbledore enjoys chamber mus
e to cross. “The firs’ years, Professor McGonagall,” said Hagrid. “Th
e upper floors. They followed Professor McGonagall across the flagged
ol must already be here — but Professor McGonagall showed the first y
. “Welcome to Hogwarts,” said Professor McGonagall. “The start-of-ter
n we are ready for you,” said Professor McGonagall. “Please wait quie
 on the door. Any second now, Professor McGonagall would come back an
g Ceremony’s about to start.” Professor McGonagall had returned. One 
ite wall. “Now, form a line,” Professor McGonagall told the first yea
re the teachers were sitting. Professor McGonagall led the first year
 quickly looked down again as Professor McGonagall silently placed a 
ld have been the one for him. Professor McGonagall now stepped forwar
over his eyes for ages, until Professor McGonagall jerked it off his 
 as the ghosts. Harry spotted Professor Quirrell, too, the nervous yo
laise,” was made a Slytherin. Professor McGonagall rolled up her scro
nking deeply from his goblet. Professor McGonagall was talking to Pro
Who’s that teacher talking to Professor Quirrell?” he asked Percy. “O
’s looking so nervous, that’s Professor Snape. He teaches Potions, bu
desserts too disappeared, and Professor Dumbledore got to his feet ag
strange dream. He was wearing Professor Quirrell’s turban, which kept
ons when they were rescued by Professor Quirrell, who was passing. Fi
h a dumpy little witch called Professor Sprout, where they learned ho
e only one taught by a ghost. Professor Binns had been very old indee
nd Uric the Oddball mixed up. Professor Flitwick, the Charms teacher,
eak and toppled out of sight. Professor McGonagall was again differen
 any difference to her match; Professor McGonagall showed the class h
gall favored us,” said Harry. Professor McGonagall was head of Gryffi
arry had gotten the idea that Professor Snape disliked him. By the en
they caught every word — like Professor McGonagall, Snape had the gif
a reason to fight Malfoy, but Professor McGonagall, who could spot tr
 “Malfoy’s got my Remembrall, Professor.” Scowling, Malfoy quickly dr
 faster than he’d just dived. Professor McGonagall was running toward
in all my time at Hogwarts —” Professor McGonagall was almost speechl
neck —” “It wasn’t his fault, Professor —” “Be quiet, Miss Patil —” “
as he left, walking numbly in Professor McGonagall’s wake as she stro
mething wrong with his voice. Professor McGonagall was sweeping along
e staircase inside, and still Professor McGonagall didn’t say a word 
rounds carrying Hagrid’s bag. Professor McGonagall stopped outside a 
 her head inside. “Excuse me, Professor Flitwick, could I borrow Wood
d. “Follow me, you two,” said Professor McGonagall, and they marched 
uriously at Harry. “In here.” Professor McGonagall pointed them into 
, and he swooped out cursing. Professor McGonagall slammed the door b
to delight. “Are you serious, Professor?” “Absolutely,” said Professo
and after a fifty-foot dive,” Professor McGonagall told Wood. “Didn’t
tain of the Gryffindor team,” Professor McGonagall explained. “He’s j
ve to get him a decent broom, Professor — a Nimbus Two Thousand or a 
, I’d say.” “I shall speak to Professor Dumbledore and see if we can’
ape in the face for weeks. …” Professor McGonagall peered sternly ove
en he’d left the grounds with Professor McGonagall. Ron had a piece o
ose all the points I got from Professor McGonagall for knowing about 
 your first training session. Professor M. McGonagall Harry had diffi
ig.” Before Ron could answer, Professor Flitwick appeared at Malfoy’s
tters been sent a broomstick, Professor,” said Malfoy quickly. “Yes, 
 Flitwick, beaming at Harry. “Professor McGonagall told me all about 
h the corridors. Even better, Professor Flitwick announced in Charms 
ad zoom around the classroom. Professor Flitwick put the class into p
ve been practicing!” squeaked Professor Flitwick, perched on top of h
heads. “Oh, well done!” cried Professor Flitwick, clapping. “Everyone
imself to a baked potato when Professor Quirrell came sprinting into 
Everyone stared as he reached Professor Dumbledore’s chair, slumped a
ers exploding from the end of Professor Dumbledore’s wand to bring si
roll’s roars. A moment later, Professor McGonagall had come bursting 
t. Snape bent over the troll. Professor McGonagall was looking at Ron
h were you thinking of?” said Professor McGonagall, with cold fury in
 out of the shadows. “Please, Professor McGonagall — they were lookin
 “Well — in that case …” said Professor McGonagall, staring at the th
om Gryffindor for this,” said Professor McGonagall. “I’m very disappo
their Houses.” Hermione left. Professor McGonagall turned to Harry an
h win Gryffindor five points. Professor Dumbledore will be informed o
ive, too —” “JORDAN!” “Sorry, Professor.” The Weasley twins’ friend, 
the match, closely watched by Professor McGonagall. “And she’s really
cheating —” “Jordan!” growled Professor McGonagall. “I mean, after th
broke his nose — only joking, Professor — Slytherins score — oh no …”
p to say sorry as she knocked Professor Quirrell headfirst into the r
it’s guardin’, that’s between Professor Dumbledore an’ Nicolas Flamel
classrooms. Worst of all were Professor Snape’s classes down in the d
o Privet Drive for Christmas. Professor McGonagall had come around th
oy’s robes. “He was provoked, Professor Snape,” said Hagrid, sticking
 off to the Great Hall, where Professor McGonagall and Professor Flit
n, tearing his eyes away from Professor Flitwick, who had golden bubb
s chuckling merrily at a joke Professor Flitwick had just read him. F
or more wine, finally kissing Professor McGonagall on the cheek, who,
d me to come directly to you, Professor, if anyone was wandering arou
 bed?” Harry stood up. “Sir — Professor Dumbledore? Can I ask you som
 to practice that on.” “Go to Professor McGonagall!” Hermione urged N
e teachers did enchantments … Professor Sprout — Professor Flitwick —
ked them off on his fingers, “Professor Quirrell — an’ Dumbledore him
e forgotten someone. Oh yeah, Professor Snape.” “Snape?” “Yeah — yer 
gon Breeding for Pleasure and Profit — it’s a bit outta date, o’ 
ten feet away. A lamp flared. Professor McGonagall, in a tartan bathr
you —” “You don’t understand, Professor. Harry Potter’s coming — he’s
h lies! Come on — I shall see Professor Snape about you, Malfoy!” The
orse. Filch took them down to Professor McGonagall’s study on the fir
e was no reason on earth that Professor McGonagall would accept for t
een worse? He was wrong. When Professor McGonagall appeared, she was 
ently to shut Neville up, but Professor McGonagall had seen. She look
f what’s been going on,” said Professor McGonagall. “It doesn’t take 
n them. “I’m disgusted,” said Professor McGonagall. “Four students ou
h. “Fifty points each, ” said Professor McGonagall, breathing heavily
ough her long, pointed nose. “Professor — please —” “You can’t —” “Do
. Filch in the entrance hall. Professor M. McGonagall Harry had forgo
ke fortune-telling to me, and Professor McGonagall says that’s a very
 had practical exams as well. Professor Flitwick called them one by o
pple tap-dance across a desk. Professor McGonagall watched them turn 
s came out. When the ghost of Professor Binns told them to put down t
u three doing inside?” It was Professor McGonagall, carrying a large 
ile of books. “We want to see Professor Dumbledore,” said Hermione, r
, Harry and Ron thought. “See Professor Dumbledore?” Professor McGona
ed at once he hadn’t, because Professor McGonagall’s nostrils flared.
id Harry frantically. “Now?” “Professor Dumbledore is a very great wi
rowing caution to the winds, “Professor — it’s about the Sorcerer’s S
ou know — ?” she spluttered. “Professor, I think — I know — that Sn— 
he Stone. I’ve got to talk to Professor Dumbledore.” She eyed him wit
ture of shock and suspicion. “Professor Dumbledore will be back tomor
t’s too well protected.” “But Professor —” “Potter, I know what I’m t
 said Harry, once he was sure Professor McGonagall was out of earshot
can pretend to be waiting for Professor Flitwick, you know.” He put o
m the rest of the school than Professor McGonagall turned up again an
are, Devil’s Snare … what did Professor Sprout say? — it likes the da
ect p-p-poor, st-stuttering P-Professor Quirrell?” Harry couldn’t tak
 the dungeons between you and Professor Quirrell is a complete secret
racted. Very well, the Stone. Professor Quirrell did not manage to ta
ay.” “Quirrell said Snape —” “Professor Snape, Harry.” “Yes, him — Qu
eople’s minds work, isn’t it? Professor Snape couldn’t bear being in 
d. “Absolutely not.” “You let Professor Dumbledore in. …” “Well, of c
ndy boxes. “I can, can’t I?” “Professor Dumbledore says you are to be
ily, as though in her opinion Professor Dumbledore didn’t realize how
 its place. Snape was shaking Professor McGonagall’s hand, with a hor
ivid Weasley hair. Meanwhile, Professor McGonagall, a bespectacled wi
es wandered past him to where Professor Dumbledore, the headmaster, s
taff table. … Where’s Snape?” Professor Severus Snape was Harry’s lea
k. If Snape had gone to fetch Professor McGonagall, head of Gryffindo
urned, and sure enough it was Professor McGonagall who accompanied hi
ough. “— so we had no choice, Professor, we couldn’t get on the train
? I believe you have an owl?” Professor McGonagall said coldly to Har
 didn’t think —” “That,” said Professor McGonagall, “is obvious.” The
. There stood the headmaster, Professor Dumbledore. Harry’s whole bod
lking about, Weasley?” barked Professor McGonagall. “Well, you’re exp
cleared his throat and said, “Professor Dumbledore, these boys have f
his nature —” “It will be for Professor McGonagall to decide on these
responsibility.” He turned to Professor McGonagall. “I must go back t
fice, leaving them alone with Professor McGonagall, who was still eye
ver his eye with his sleeve. “Professor, I wanted to watch my sister 
rting Ceremony is over,” said Professor McGonagall. “Your sister is a
And speaking of Gryffindor —” Professor McGonagall said sharply, but 
shed, watching her anxiously. Professor McGonagall gave him a piercin
low hadn’t squashed him flat. Professor McGonagall raised her wand ag
 sounding almost as severe as Professor McGonagall. “Skip the lecture
had no time to dwell on this; Professor McGonagall was moving along t
standing outside, waiting for Professor Sprout. Harry, Ron, and Hermi
mpanied by Gilderoy Lockhart. Professor Sprout’s arms were full of ba
f its branches now in slings. Professor Sprout was a squat little wit
 students. “Just been showing Professor Sprout the right way to docto
use three today, chaps!” said Professor Sprout, who was looking disti
resting and dangerous plants. Professor Sprout took a large key from 
uple of minutes late, do you, Professor Sprout?” Judging by Professor
ait to do it again.” “Oh, no, Professor, see —” “Harry, Harry, Harry,
ned the door and slid inside. Professor Sprout was standing behind a 
n points to Gryffindor,” said Professor Sprout. “The Mandrake forms a
ake another ten points,” said Professor Sprout. “Now, the Mandrakes w
ake a pair of earmuffs,” said Professor Sprout. There was a scramble 
are completely covered,” said Professor Sprout. “When it is safe to r
ey shut out sound completely. Professor Sprout put the pink, fluffy p
ling at the top of his lungs. Professor Sprout took a large plant pot
e tufted leaves were visible. Professor Sprout dusted off her hands, 
concentrate on the Mandrakes. Professor Sprout had made it look extre
rried off to Transfiguration. Professor McGonagall’s classes were alw
and had to ask for a new one. Professor McGonagall wasn’t pleased. Ha
n Charms and hitting tiny old Professor Flitwick squarely between the
ecially signed note here from Professor Snape. ‘ I, Professor S. Snap
e in — thought you mighta bin Professor Lockhart back again —” Harry 
nk you’re being a bit unfair. Professor Dumbledore obviously thought 
e you are, Potter — Weasley.” Professor McGonagall was walking toward
 evening.” “What’re we doing, Professor?” said Ron, nervously suppres
hy room with Mr. Filch,” said Professor McGonagall. “And no magic, We
 you, Potter, will be helping Professor Lockhart answer his fan mail,
Professor McGonagall. “Oh n — Professor, can’t I go and do the trophy
rately. “Certainly not,” said Professor McGonagall, raising her eyebr
ried after Dumbledore; so did Professors McGonagall and Snape. As the
s gently prodding and poking. Professor McGonagall was bent almost as
est.” “Really, Severus,” said Professor McGonagall sharply, “I see no
” said Dumbledore patiently. “Professer Sprout recently managed t
is History of Magic homework. Professor Binns had asked for a three-f
st subject on their schedule. Professor Binns, who taught it, was the
 Today was as boring as ever. Professor Binns opened his notes and be
re. Hermione put up her hand. Professor Binns, glancing up in the mid
ed. “Miss — er — ?” “Granger, Professor. I was wondering if you could
s elbow slipped off his desk. Professor Binns blinked. “My subject is
always have a basis in fact?” Professor Binns was looking at her in s
, alive or dead. “Well,” said Professor Binns slowly, “yes, one could
hole class was now hanging on Professor Binns’s every word. He looked
d Slytherin left the school.” Professor Binns paused again, pursing h
l, sleepy silence that filled Professor Binns’s classes. There was un
o watch him, hoping for more. Professor Binns looked faintly annoyed.
erin alone can control,” said Professor Binns in his dry, reedy voice
e thing does not exist,” said Professor Binns, shuffling his notes. “
 “Nonsense, O’Flaherty,” said Professor Binns in an aggravated tone. 
en’t found the thing —” “But, Professor,” piped up Parvati Patil, “yo
, Miss Pennyfeather,” snapped Professor Binns. “I repeat, if the like
n’t —” began Dean Thomas, but Professor Binns had had enough. “That w
strous episode of the pixies, Professor Lockhart had not brought live
d Ron right behind her. “Er — Professor Lockhart?” Hermione stammered
hed teeth. “He should really, Professor,” said a muddy Wood, who coul
of what looked like a statue. Professor McGonagall appeared a second 
y,” whispered Dumbledore, and Professor McGonagall hurried past the e
heard urgent voices, and then Professor McGonagall swept back into vi
 of grapes next to him,” said Professor McGonagall. “We think he was 
ed Madam Pomfrey. “Yes,” said Professor McGonagall. “But I shudder to
icture of his attacker?” said Professor McGonagall eagerly. Dumbledor
“What does this mean, Albus?” Professor McGonagall asked urgently. “I
 clapped a hand to her mouth. Professor McGonagall stared at Dumbledo
 from what Harry could see of Professor McGonagall’s shadowy face, sh
. “We already know — we heard Professor McGonagall telling Professor 
n the second week of December Professor McGonagall came around as usu
all hear me? Excellent! “Now, Professor Dumbledore has granted me per
et me introduce my assistant, Professor Snape,” said Lockhart, flashi
llent idea to show them that, Professor Snape, but if you don’t mind 
w and put you all into pairs. Professor Snape, if you’d like to help 
how about you —” “A bad idea, Professor Lockhart,” said Snape, glidin
vously at Lockhart and said, “Professor, could you show me that block
son of the term was canceled: Professor Sprout wanted to fit socks an
of what was happening within. Professor McGonagall was shouting at so
e teachers shouted for quiet. Professor McGonagall came running, foll
hat will do, Macmillan!” said Professor McGonagall sharply. Peeves wa
hat’s enough, Peeves!” barked Professor McGonagall, and Peeves zoomed
ed up to the hospital wing by Professor Flitwick and Professor Sinist
ly Headless Nick. In the end, Professor McGonagall conjured a large f
vercraft. This left Harry and Professor McGonagall alone together. “T
ut of my hands, Potter,” said Professor McGonagall curtly. They march
 like an escalator. As he and Professor McGonagall stepped onto it, H
one staircase at the top, and Professor McGonagall rapped on the door
ed silently and they entered. Professor McGonagall told Harry to wait
ame in, looking very somber. “Professor,” Harry gasped. “Your bird — 
om his hand. “It wasn’ Harry, Professor Dumbledore!” said Hagrid urge
. “You don’t think it was me, Professor?” Harry repeated hopefully as
Harry. “There isn’t anything, Professor. …” The double attack on Just
in her eye not unlike the one Professor McGonagall sometimes had. “Th
 from your concerned teacher, Professor Gilderoy Lockhart, Order of M
. Harry overheard him telling Professor McGonagall so while the Gryff
y could see a muscle going in Professor McGonagall’s cheek. Snape loo
 of the occasion! Why not ask Professor Snape to show you how to whip
tion! And while you’re at it, Professor Flitwick knows more about Ent
e ever met, the sly old dog!” Professor Flitwick buried his face in h
wasn’t until they had reached Professor Flitwick’s class that Harry n
expelled. But the headmaster, Professor Dippet, ashamed that such a t
aster. “You wanted to see me, Professor Dippet?” said Riddle. He look
n greenhouse three. This made Professor Sprout very happy. “The momen
 just mounting his broom when Professor McGonagall came half marching
his match has been canceled,” Professor McGonagall called through the
stated, landed and ran toward Professor McGonagall without getting of
lay — the Cup — Gryffindor —” Professor McGonagall ignored him and co
 castle. To Harry’s surprise, Professor McGonagall didn’t object. “Ye
rried. Harry and Ron followed Professor McGonagall back into the scho
ll be a bit of a shock,” said Professor McGonagall in a surprisingly 
es did a horrible somersault. Professor McGonagall pushed the door op
found near the library,” said Professor McGonagall. “I don’t suppose 
ck to Gryffindor Tower,” said Professor McGonagall heavily. “I need t
e the common room listened to Professor McGonagall in silence. She ro
umbledore. “You know I never, Professor Dumbledore, sir —” “I want it
uppress a thin-lipped smile. “Professor Dumbledore has only been susp
 number, Justin and Hermione. Professor Sprout set them all to work p
hat. At the end of the lesson Professor Sprout escorted the class to 
. Ten minutes into the class, Professor McGonagall told them that the
 one of the legs on his desk. Professor McGonagall restored it with a
g around the room, which made Professor McGonagall scowl even more da
days before their first exam, Professor McGonagall made another annou
When the hubbub had subsided, Professor McGonagall said, “Professor S
rid. ’ Frankly, I’m astounded Professor McGonagall thinks all these s
! What are you doing?” It was Professor McGonagall, and her mouth was
ermione,” said Harry. Ron and Professor McGonagall both looked at him
We haven’t seen her for ages, Professor,” Harry went on hurriedly, tr
eady and, er, not to worry —” Professor McGonagall was still staring 
t Miss Granger. I will inform Professor Binns where you’ve gone. Tell
corner, they distinctly heard Professor McGonagall blow her nose. “Th
l Madam Pomfrey that they had Professor McGonagall’s permission to vi
ng through the corridors came Professor McGonagall’s voice, magically
others downright scared. Then Professor McGonagall arrived. “It has h
ght into the Chamber itself.” Professor Flitwick let out a squeal. Pr
“The Heir of Slytherin,” said Professor McGonagall, who was very whit
e in the Chamber forever. ’ ” Professor Flitwick burst into tears. “W
udent?” “Ginny Weasley,” said Professor McGonagall. Harry felt Ron sl
students home tomorrow,” said Professor McGonagall. “This is the end 
 right, Gilderoy,” chipped in Professor Sprout. “Weren’t you saying j
what was inside it?” piped up Professor Flitwick. “D-did I? I don’t r
to you, then, Gilderoy,” said Professor McGonagall. “Tonight will be 
 left the room. “Right,” said Professor McGonagall, whose nostrils we
t — if you would be quick —” “Professor, we’ve got some information f
n window. “Shouldn’t have let Professor Snape teach us that one,” sai
ther. Ginny, grab Ron’s hand. Professor Lockhart —” “He means you,” s
ter, found themselves outside Professor McGonagall’s office. Harry kn
wever, was looking past them. Professor Dumbledore was standing by th
mantelpiece, beaming, next to Professor McGonagall, who was taking gr
 all like to know that,” said Professor McGonagall weakly. Mrs. Weasl
 her bathroom. … “Very well,” Professor McGonagall prompted him as he
 shaken. “You know, Minerva,” Professor Dumbledore said thoughtfully 
 the kitchens?” “Right,” said Professor McGonagall crisply, also movi
 Dumbledore. What exactly had Professor McGonagall meant, deal with t
o see who he was talking to. “Professor Dumbledore,” Ron said quickly
wn in the Chamber of Secrets. Professor Lockhart —” “Am I a professor
 one.” “Would you mind taking Professor Lockhart up to the infirmary,
e tumbling out of his mouth. “Professor Dumbledore … Riddle said I’m 
ubt resurfacing in his mind. “Professor,” he started again after a mo
 Dumbledore reached across to Professor McGonagall’s desk, picked up 
ed open one of the drawers in Professor McGonagall’s desk and took ou
 hard. Then it came to him — “Professor Dumbledore,” he said hurriedl
r the second year running, or Professor McGonagall standing up to tel
nouncing that, unfortunately, Professor Lockhart would be unable to r
rry’s least favorite teacher, Professor Snape, who would be delighted
 rolls of parchment more than Professor Binns asked for. Ron says he’
is enclosed. Yours sincerely, Professor M. McGonagall Deputy Headmist
rthest away from the window. “Professor R. J. Lupin,” whispered Hermi
atly knotted string. The name Professor R. J. Lupin was stamped acros
aches?” said Ron, frowning at Professor Lupin’s pallid profile. “That
ake him up.” He nodded toward Professor Lupin. Ron stuffed the Sneako
—” Harry gave a hollow laugh. Professor McGonagall, head of Gryffindo
was about to answer back when Professor Lupin stirred. They watched h
ked awkwardly, nodding toward Professor Lupin. “He looks like he coul
me food.” Hermione approached Professor Lupin cautiously. “Er — Profe
ssor?” she said. “Excuse me — Professor?” He didn’t move. “Don’t worr
not be very good company, but Professor Lupin’s presence in their com
shanks’s basket to the floor. Professor Lupin gave a snort. “Who’s th
 hissed Hermione, pointing at Professor Lupin, “be careful …” But Pro
, the wind roared, but still, Professor Lupin slept. “We must be near
 leaning forward to look past Professor Lupin at the now completely b
up and walking carefully past Professor Lupin to try and see outside.
said a hoarse voice suddenly. Professor Lupin appeared to have woken 
light filled the compartment. Professor Lupin appeared to be holding 
them he could see Neville and Professor Lupin watching. Harry felt ve
loud snap made them all jump. Professor Lupin was breaking an enormou
ban.” Everyone stared at him. Professor Lupin crumpled up the empty c
and started twitching —” “And Professor Lupin stepped over you, and w
e that, when no one else had? Professor Lupin had come back. He pause
ogwarts in ten minutes,” said Professor Lupin. “Are you all right, Ha
 problem?” said a mild voice. Professor Lupin had just gotten out of 
he next carriage. Malfoy gave Professor Lupin an insolent stare, whic
oice, he said, “Oh, no — er — Professor, ” then he smirked at Crabbe 
one turned around, surprised. Professor McGonagall, Transfiguration t
with a feeling of foreboding: Professor McGonagall had a way of makin
here, Weasley.” Ron stared as Professor McGonagall ushered Harry and 
with a large, welcoming fire, Professor McGonagall motioned Harry and
 her desk and said abruptly, “Professor Lupin sent an owl ahead to sa
 was a dementor, Poppy,” said Professor McGonagall. They exchanged a 
se. “What does he need?” said Professor McGonagall crisply. “Bed rest
ready had some,” said Harry. “Professor Lupin gave me some. He gave i
 you feel all right, Potter?” Professor McGonagall said sharply. “Yes
 about something, followed by Professor McGonagall, and the three of 
ng over the tables in midair. Professor Flitwick, who was a tiny litt
w, Hufflepuff, or Slytherin). Professor McGonagall strode off toward 
p to speak, and he broke off. Professor Dumbledore, though very old, 
 our ranks this year. “First, Professor Lupin, who has kindly consent
compartment on the train with Professor Lupin clapped hard, Harry amo
!” Ron hissed in Harry’s ear. Professor Snape, the Potions master, wa
ring along the staff table at Professor Lupin. It was common knowledg
 as the lukewarm applause for Professor Lupin died away. “Well, I am 
last to stop clapping, and as Professor Dumbledore started speaking a
straight down to me hut after Professor Kettleburn said he’d had enou
d his face in his napkin, and Professor McGonagall shooed them away. 
anage. I’ve fixed it all with Professor McGonagall.” “But look,” said
d you, I’ve fixed it all with Professor McGonagall.” Just then, Hagri
f a large, glittering insect. Professor Trelawney moved into the fire
“Welcome to Divination,” said Professor Trelawney, who had seated her
ront of the fire. “My name is Professor Trelawney. You may not have s
 extraordinary pronouncement. Professor Trelawney delicately rearrang
led mysteries of the future,” Professor Trelawney went on, her enormo
re if I were you, dear,” said Professor Trelawney, the firelight glin
ald earrings. Neville gulped. Professor Trelawney continued placidly.
om him. “In the second term,” Professor Trelawney went on, “we shall 
lowed this pronouncement, but Professor Trelawney seemed unaware of i
down on the table in front of Professor Trelawney. “Thank you, my dea
s a tinkle of breaking china. Professor Trelawney swept over to him h
y swilled the dregs around as Professor Trelawney had instructed, the
yes to see past the mundane!” Professor Trelawney cried through the g
had to stifle their laughs as Professor Trelawney gazed in their dire
like a hippo … no, a sheep …” Professor Trelawney whirled around as H
Everyone went quiet to watch. Professor Trelawney was staring into th
d Hermione in a loud whisper. Professor Trelawney stared at her. “Wel
o a teacher like that before. Professor Trelawney chose not to reply.
e was staring, transfixed, at Professor Trelawney, who gave the cup a
e had smashed his second cup. Professor Trelawney sank into a vacant 
don’t ask me. …” “What is it, Professor?” said Dean Thomas at once. E
on’s table, pressing close to Professor Trelawney’s chair to get a go
ok at Harry’s cup. “My dear,” Professor Trelawney’s huge eyes opened 
im, my dear, the Grim!” cried Professor Trelawney, who looked shocked
d moved around to the back of Professor Trelawney’s chair. “I don’t t
ike a Grim,” she said flatly. Professor Trelawney surveyed Hermione w
 lesson here for today,” said Professor Trelawney in her mistiest voi
ss took their teacups back to Professor Trelawney, packed away their 
. “Until we meet again,” said Professor Trelawney faintly, “fair fort
, Ron, and Hermione descended Professor Trelawney’s ladder and the wi
 in silence, then set off for Professor McGonagall’s Transfiguration 
 moment. He hardly heard what Professor McGonagall was telling them a
got into you all today?” said Professor McGonagall, turning back into
one raised her hand. “Please, Professor, we’ve just had our first Div
 and —” “Ah, of course,” said Professor McGonagall, suddenly frowning
Harry, finally. “I see,” said Professor McGonagall, fixing Harry with
speak ill of my colleagues —” Professor McGonagall broke off, and the
True Seers are very rare, and Professor Trelawney —” She stopped agai
ght and befuddling perfume of Professor Trelawney’s classroom. Not ev
w toward him. “You heard what Professor McGonagall said.” Ron spooned
heep,” said Hermione coolly. “Professor Trelawney said you didn’t hav
 and tried to do the homework Professor McGonagall had given them, bu
ttle down, settle down,” said Professor Snape idly. Harry and Ron sco
he table. “Weasley, you heard Professor Snape; cut up these roots.” R
ey were all different sizes. “Professor,” drawled Malfoy, “Weasley’s 
ubject, and his great fear of Professor Snape made things ten times w
 something?” Ron asked Harry. Professor Lupin wasn’t there when they 
hem loose. “Right then,” said Professor Lupin, when everyone was read
 got to its feet and followed Professor Lupin out of the classroom. H
. Peeves didn’t look up until Professor Lupin was two feet away; then
s. Everyone looked quickly at Professor Lupin to see how he would tak
, Peeves paid no attention to Professor Lupin’s words, except to blow
ment. “Thank you, Dean,” said Professor Lupin, putting his wand away 
, the class looking at shabby Professor Lupin with increased respect.
 door. “Inside, please,” said Professor Lupin, opening it and standin
empty except for one teacher. Professor Snape was sitting in a low ar
 playing around his mouth. As Professor Lupin came in and made to clo
t in front of other teachers. Professor Lupin had raised his eyebrows
ith a snap. “Now, then,” said Professor Lupin, beckoning the class to
rs kept their spare robes. As Professor Lupin went to stand next to i
Nothing to worry about,” said Professor Lupin calmly because a few pe
 to worry about. Neville gave Professor Lupin a look of pure terror, 
 dark, enclosed spaces,” said Professor Lupin. “Wardrobes, the gap be
e put it better myself,” said Professor Lupin, and Hermione glowed. “
ost fears. “This means,” said Professor Lupin, choosing to ignore Nev
should be?” “Precisely,” said Professor Lupin, and Hermione put her h
 class together. “Good,” said Professor Lupin. “Very good. But that w
llows. “Right, Neville,” said Professor Lupin. “First things first: w
h that, Neville, sorry,” said Professor Lupin cheerfully. Neville loo
 barely more than a whisper, “Professor Snape.” Nearly everyone laugh
ville grinned apologetically. Professor Lupin, however, looked though
, you misunderstand me,” said Professor Lupin, now smiling. “I wonder
f.” “And a handbag?” prompted Professor Lupin. “A big red one,” said 
u, it will assume the form of Professor Snape,” said Lupin. “And you 
’s clothes. If all goes well, Professor Boggart Snape will be forced 
 to each of us in turn,” said Professor Lupin. “I would like all of y
iders. “Everyone ready?” said Professor Lupin. Harry felt a lurch of 
’re going to back away,” said Professor Lupin. “Let you have a clear 
ount of three, Neville,” said Professor Lupin, who was pointing his o
f sparks shot from the end of Professor Lupin’s wand and hit the door
pen. Hook-nosed and menacing, Professor Snape stepped out, his eyes f
boggart paused, confused, and Professor Lupin shouted, “Parvati! Forw
 rolled off. “Seamus!” roared Professor Lupin. Seamus darted past Par
 ready, but — “Here!” shouted Professor Lupin suddenly, hurrying forw
 was gone. “Excellent!” cried Professor Lupin as the class broke into
ver, wasn’t feeling cheerful. Professor Lupin had deliberately stoppe
“And my mummy!” “I wonder why Professor Lupin’s frightened of crystal
had anything bad to say about Professor Lupin. “Look at the state of 
ould say in a loud whisper as Professor Lupin passed. “He dresses lik
.” But no one else cared that Professor Lupin’s robes were patched an
cingly at the very mention of Professor Lupin’s name, and he was bull
o dread the hours he spent in Professor Trelawney’s stifling tower ro
ols, trying to ignore the way Professor Trelawney’s enormous eyes fil
oked at him. He couldn’t like Professor Trelawney, even though she wa
r Brown had taken to haunting Professor Trelawney’s tower room at lun
ful, Weasley, careful!” cried Professor Sprout as the beans burst int
arry, who had resolved to ask Professor McGonagall after the lesson w
ple’s pets matter very much.” Professor McGonagall opened the classro
d what he was going to say to Professor McGonagall when the bell rang
lle put up his hand. “Please, Professor, I — I think I’ve lost —” “Yo
e directly, Longbottom,” said Professor McGonagall. “She seemed to th
ar, then headed nervously for Professor McGonagall’s desk. “Yes, Pott
?” Harry took a deep breath. “Professor, my aunt and uncle — er — for
ot to sign my form,” he said. Professor McGonagall looked over her sq
if I — if I go to Hogsmeade?” Professor McGonagall looked down and be
age. That’s the rule.” “But — Professor, my aunt and uncle — you know
—” “But I don’t say so,” said Professor McGonagall, standing up and p
othing to be done. Ron called Professor McGonagall a lot of names tha
but as Harry had already told Professor McGonagall he hadn’t had it s
to see who had spoken and met Professor Lupin, looking around his off
ow about that?” Harry asked. “Professor McGonagall told me,” said Lup
loud (apart from himself) was Professor Dumbledore. “Clearly, I was w
denly feeling a lot happier. “Professor Lupin, you know the dementors
at the goblet. Lupin smiled. “Professor Snape has very kindly concoct
lucky to be working alongside Professor Snape; there aren’t many wiza
rds who are up to making it.” Professor Lupin took another sip and Ha
the goblet out of his hands. “Professor Snape’s very interested in th
 glancing at the staff table. Professor Lupin looked cheerful and as 
ing animatedly to tiny little Professor Flitwick, the Charms teacher.
ly sharp voice, “Somebody get Professor Dumbledore. Quick.” People’s 
just arrived. A moment later, Professor Dumbledore was there, sweepin
rned, his eyes somber, to see Professors McGonagall, Lupin, and Snape
 find her,” said Dumbledore. “Professor McGonagall, please go to Mr. 
 Dumbledore quietly. “Oh yes, Professorhead,” said Peeves, with the a
e’s got, that Sirius Black.”  Professor Dumbledore sent all the Gryff
orough search of the castle,” Professor Dumbledore told them as Profe
word with one of the ghosts.” Professor Dumbledore paused, about to l
ping bags. “Sleep well,” said Professor Dumbledore, closing the door 
ts had finally fallen asleep, Professor Dumbledore came in. Harry wat
rew nearer. “Any sign of him, Professor?” asked Percy in a whisper. “
at about the Astronomy tower? Professor Trelawney’s room? The Owlery?
y theory as to how he got in, Professor?” asked Snape. Harry raised h
ous guard dog. To cap it all, Professor McGonagall summoned Harry int
s for the Ministry of Magic.” Professor McGonagall seemed very taken 
outraged. “I’ve got to train, Professor!” Professor McGonagall consid
, holding his breath. “Hmm …” Professor McGonagall stood up and stare
shed inside. “Sorry I’m late, Professor Lupin, I —” But it wasn’t Pro
t Harry didn’t move. “Where’s Professor Lupin?” he said. “He says he 
ng before Potter interrupted, Professor Lupin has not left any record
n. I was merely commenting on Professor Lupin’s lack of organization.
ack. “Are you telling me that Professor Lupin hasn’t even taught you 
all make a point of informing Professor Dumbledore how very behind yo
work they had been doing with Professor Lupin. “Very poorly explained
commonly found in Mongolia. … Professor Lupin gave this eight out of 
pensively. “But I really hope Professor Lupin gets better soon. …” Ro
 it doesn’t like being hit.” “Professor Flitwick brought it back just
 classroom door. “It’s okay!” Professor Lupin was back at work. It ce
 of parchment!” “Did you tell Professor Snape we haven’t covered them
” “— two rolls of parchment!” Professor Lupin smiled at the look of i
. “Don’t worry. I’ll speak to Professor Snape. You don’t have to do t
 had a very enjoyable lesson. Professor Lupin had brought along a gla
es travelers into bogs,” said Professor Lupin as they took notes. “Yo
arry doubled back and watched Professor Lupin covering the hinkypunk’
n’t think any of us have seen Professor Dumbledore that angry. They h
ng to do with weakness,” said Professor Lupin sharply, as though he h
buzz of Christmas in the air. Professor Flitwick, the Charms teacher,
e top left corner showed that Professor Dumbledore was pacing his stu
 “He’s going to hand it in to Professor McGonagall, aren’t you, Harry
im of his tankard and choked. Professors McGonagall and Flitwick had 
ll gillywater —” “Mine,” said Professor McGonagall’s voice. “Four pin
e and umbrella —” “Mmm!” said Professor Flitwick, smacking his lips. 
 the whole pub, Hagrid?” said Professor McGonagall exasperatedly. “Do
.” “I should think not,” said Professor McGonagall sharply. “How are 
” “Hear, hear!” squeaked tiny Professor Flitwick, whose feet were dan
Hogwarts, Rosmerta,” murmured Professor McGonagall. “Do you remember 
kicked him. “Precisely,” said Professor McGonagall. “Black and Potter
ter were brothers!” chimed in Professor Flitwick. “Inseparable!” “Of 
ta, breathless with interest. Professor Flitwick cleared his throat. 
m Rosmerta. “Naturally,” said Professor McGonagall. “James Potter tol
med of their movements,” said Professor McGonagall darkly. “Indeed, h
e bar went quiet. “Shh!” said Professor McGonagall. “I met him!” grow
oared. “Hagrid, please!” said Professor McGonagall. “Keep your voice 
ipped Black and Potter,” said Professor McGonagall. “Never quite in t
 Pettigrew to smithereens. …” Professor McGonagall blew her nose and 
 back up to the castle,” said Professor McGonagall. One by one, the p
ve accepted the assurances of Professor Dumbledore that you bear no r
od in the middle of the room. Professors Dumbledore, McGonagall, Snap
eat Hall opened again. It was Professor Trelawney, gliding toward the
tal gazing, Headmaster,” said Professor Trelawney in her mistiest, mo
e falling with a thud between Professors Snape and McGonagall. Profes
“We’ll risk it, Sibyll,” said Professor McGonagall impatiently. “Do s
turkey’s getting stone cold.” Professor Trelawney hesitated, then low
thunderbolt to hit the table. Professor McGonagall poked a large spoo
rest tureen. “Tripe, Sibyll?” Professor Trelawney ignored her. Eyes o
 and said, “But where is dear Professor Lupin?” “I’m afraid the poor 
eady knew that, Sibyll?” said Professor McGonagall, her eyebrows rais
 explains a great deal,” said Professor McGonagall tartly. Professor 
inerva, I have seen that poor Professor Lupin will not be with us for
 him — ” “Imagine that,” said Professor McGonagall dryly. “I doubt,” 
ed voice, which put an end to Professor McGonagall and Professor Trel
ausages with trembling hands. Professor Trelawney behaved almost norm
l make much difference,” said Professor McGonagall coldly, “unless a 
ance hall.” Even Ron laughed. Professor Trelawney looked highly affro
ed, “I want a quick word with Professor McGonagall.” “Probably trying
mione came in, accompanied by Professor McGonagall. Though Professor 
. “So that’s it, is it?” said Professor McGonagall beadily, walking o
as upside down. “May I?” said Professor McGonagall, but she didn’t wa
rry blankly. “I see … ,” said Professor McGonagall. “Well, I’m afraid
 be checked for jinxes,” said Professor McGonagall. “Of course, I’m n
but I daresay Madam Hooch and Professor Flitwick will strip it down —
own?” repeated Ron, as though Professor McGonagall was mad. “It shoul
 more than a few weeks,” said Professor McGonagall. “You will have it
 shaking slightly. “Honestly, Professor —” “You can’t know that, Pott
. I shall keep you informed.” Professor McGonagall turned on her heel
tly. “Because I thought — and Professor McGonagall agrees with me — t
 on it,” said Harry quickly. “Professor Lupin said he’d train me to w
e new term was much less fun; Professor Trelawney was now teaching th
waited only five minutes when Professor Lupin turned up, carrying a l
ng case, which he heaved onto Professor Binns’ desk. “What’s that?” s
e for a real dementor. “So …” Professor Lupin had taken out his own w
 figure holding a large club. Professor Lupin continued, “The Patronu
the corner of his eye, he saw Professor Lupin forcing the boggart bac
ht had just occurred to him. “Professor Lupin?” he said. “If you knew
said. “I heard her talking to Professor Vector, that Arithmancy witch
 Harry. I’ve just been to see Professor McGonagall about the Firebolt
ewed up his face and imitated Professor McGonagall’s severe voice. “ 
 new broom. He was now asking Professor McGonagall for news of the Fi
 you can’t have it back yet,” Professor McGonagall told him the twelf
most of the usual curses, but Professor Flitwick believes the broom m
g too much of yourself,” said Professor Lupin sternly in their fourth
t’s under a dementor’s hood?” Professor Lupin lowered his bottle thou
 that he walked headlong into Professor McGonagall halfway up the sta
ou’re going, Potter!” “Sorry, Professor —” “I’ve just been looking fo
Seriously?” “Seriously,” said Professor McGonagall, and she was actua
 the eighth year in a row, as Professor Snape was kind enough to remi
 He wondered suddenly whether Professor Lupin was in the crowd, watch
on in the match?” interrupted Professor McGonagall’s voice. “Right yo
r. Harry turned around to see Professor Lupin, who looked both shaken
er — weren’t dementors,” said Professor Lupin. “Come and see —” He le
 utmost fury on her face, was Professor McGonagall. “An unworthy tric
herin! I shall be speaking to Professor Dumbledore about this, make n
ffindor party ended only when Professor McGonagall turned up in her t
im!” “What’s all the noise?” “Professor McGonagall told us to go to b
ow, really, enough’s enough!” Professor McGonagall was back. She slam
tainly didn’t authorize this, Professor!” said Percy, puffing himself
NG OVER ME, HOLDING A KNIFE!” Professor McGonagall stared at him. “Do
 Glaring suspiciously at Ron, Professor McGonagall pushed the portrai
n room. “You — you did?” said Professor McGonagall. “But — but the pa
off a little piece of paper!” Professor McGonagall pulled herself bac
hether Black had been caught. Professor McGonagall came back at dawn,
aw signs of tighter security; Professor Flitwick could be seen teachi
eville was in total disgrace. Professor McGonagall was so furious wit
o Hogsmeade again … I’ll tell Professor McGonagall about that map!” s
dly surprised. “I don’t know, Professor.” Snape’s eyes were boring in
aking deep, calming breaths. “Professor Severus Snape, master of this
y presents his compliments to Professor Snape, and begs him to keep h
y, and would like to add that Professor Snape is an ugly git.” It wou
idiot like that ever became a professor.” Harry closed his eyes in ho
last word. “Mr. Wormtail bids Professor Snape good day, and advises h
ing very fast. Seconds later, Professor Lupin was clambering out of t
 Then Harry turned to Lupin. “Professor, I —” “I don’t want to hear e
eart plummeted — had she told Professor McGonagall? “Come to have a g
p the marble staircase toward Professor Flitwick’s classroom. “You’re
ve it!” Hermione wailed. “Was Professor Flitwick angry? Oh, it was Ma
’s all! I’d better go and see Professor Flitwick and say sorry. … I’l
 at the foot of the ladder to Professor Trelawney’s classroom twenty 
et they come up in our exams; Professor Flitwick hinted they might!” 
casting a wary eye around for Professor Trelawney, in case she was lu
he familiar, misty voice, and Professor Trelawney made her usual dram
ier than I had planned,” said Professor Trelawney, sitting with her b
. It was hard to tell whether Professor Trelawney had heard them, as 
hing up on Cheering Charms —” Professor Trelawney rustled past. “Woul
laughing. “Now, really!” said Professor Trelawney as everyone’s heads
 — “There is something here!” Professor Trelawney whispered, lowering
d sure enough — “My dear … ,” Professor Trelawney breathed, gazing up
 that ridiculous Grim again!” Professor Trelawney raised her enormous
 both glared at Hermione too. Professor Trelawney stood up, surveying
e class to settle down again. Professor Trelawney seemed to have forg
king everyone start. “Oooooo, Professor Trelawney, I’ve just remember
ving, didn’t you? Didn’t you, Professor? ‘ Around Easter, one of our 
rever!’ You said it ages ago, Professor!” Professor Trelawney gave he
essed, and moved over so that Professor Trelawney could join their ta
 but swirling white mist. Had Professor Trelawney really seen the Gri
glittered on their flags, and Professor Snape sat in the very front r
” “I’m telling it like it is, Professor!” Harry felt a huge jolt of e
e, Angelina! — it was a joke, Professor, it was a joke — oh no — Flin
, and Lee swore so badly that Professor McGonagall tried to tug the m
aphone away from him. “Sorry, Professor, sorry! Won’t happen again! S
the megaphone, dancing out of Professor McGonagall’s reach. “YOU FILT
aniac, all dignity forgotten. Professor McGonagall was sobbing harder
xam. Hermione had been right; Professor Flitwick did indeed test them
efense Against the Dark Arts. Professor Lupin had compiled the most u
“What’s the matter?” “P — P — Professor McGonagall!” Hermione gasped,
ng on the spiral staircase to Professor Trelawney’s classroom, trying
mmon room,” Harry muttered as Professor Trelawney’s voice called, “Ha
of chairs and tables to where Professor Trelawney sat waiting for him
but nothing happened. “Well?” Professor Trelawney prompted delicately
 does it resemble?” whispered Professor Trelawney. “Think, now …” Har
d firmly. “Indeed!” whispered Professor Trelawney, scribbling keenly 
Harry firmly. “Are you sure?” Professor Trelawney urged him. “Are you
 fine, it’s — flying away. …” Professor Trelawney sighed. “Well, dear
night.” Harry wheeled around. Professor Trelawney had gone rigid in h
 “S — sorry?” said Harry. But Professor Trelawney didn’t seem to hear
 the hospital wing — and then Professor Trelawney spoke again, in the
 … to rejoin … his master. …” Professor Trelawney’s head fell forward
at her. Then, quite suddenly, Professor Trelawney’s head snapped up a
s going to go back to him. …” Professor Trelawney looked thoroughly s
ve dozed off too, dear!” said Professor Trelawney. “I would certainly
wondering … had he just heard Professor Trelawney make a real predict
entrance to Gryffindor Tower, Professor Trelawney’s words still resou
wever, sat Ron and Hermione. “Professor Trelawney,” Harry panted, “ju
 Malfoy, then you walk out on Professor Trelawney —” Hermione looked 
s and Harry wheeled around as Professor Lupin came hurtling into the 
 Lupin’s face, Black nodded. “Professor,” Harry interrupted loudly, “
 gazing fixedly at Black. The Professor walked to Black’s side, seize
mione whispered. “Since I did Professor Snape’s essay. …” “He’ll be d
ice, as though trying to will Professor Lupin to talk sensibly. “But 
 We did Animagi in class with Professor McGonagall. And I looked them
hings … and I went and looked Professor McGonagall up on the register
 was no cure. The potion that Professor Snape has been making for me 
at Harry, Ron, and Hermione. “Professor Snape was at school with us. 
 in a very breathless voice, “Professor Snape — it — it wouldn’t hurt
en here to save your skin —” “Professor Lupin could have killed me ab
toward the windows and door. “Professor Lupin?” said Hermione timidly
e said. “Thanks.” “What about Professor Snape?” said Hermione in a sm
 a six-legged race. Next came Professor Snape, drifting creepily alon
ED!” Harry roared. “Minister! Professor!” said Madam Pomfrey angrily.
difficulty and got up again. “Professor Dumbledore, Sirius Black —” “
because you were knocked out, Professor!” said Hermione earnestly. “Y
nto speech at the same time. “Professor, Black’s telling the truth — 
ttigrew —” “— he escaped when Professor Lupin turned into a werewolf 
the Potters’ Secret-Keeper.” “Professor Lupin can tell you —” Harry s
aid, unable to stop himself. “Professor Lupin is currently deep in th
erstand me? You must see that Professor Snape’s version of events is 
clearly. “Sirius is locked in Professor Flitwick’s office on the seve
whispered, “and I got it from Professor McGonagall on our first day b
ear to get to all my lessons. Professor McGonagall made me swear I wo
tack yourself! Don’t you see? Professor McGonagall told me what awful
rge brandy.” “O’ — o’ course, Professor,” said Hagrid, who sounded we
bellowed. “WHAT DID YOU DO?” “Professor Snape!” shrieked Madam Pomfre
 mind … thought he mighta met Professor Lupin on the grounds, but Lup
ught everyone’d know by now … Professor Lupin’s a werewolf, see. An’ 
 closed it behind Harry. “No. Professor Dumbledore managed to convinc
Cloak into his pocket. It was Professor Dumbledore. He didn’t look su
e terrible than ever before … Professor Trelawney’s prediction! “Prof
as having my Divination exam, Professor Trelawney went very — very st
? “But — I stopped Sirius and Professor Lupin from killing Pettigrew!
 difficult business indeed. … Professor Trelawney, bless her, is livi
ept Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Professor Dumbledore. As the end of ter
only one who was sorry to see Professor Lupin go. The whole of Harry’
mas hopefully. It wasn’t only Professor Lupin’s departure that was we
n’t help thinking a lot about Professor Trelawney’s prediction. He ke
rprising news. “I went to see Professor McGonagall this morning, just
’s really serious. … Write to Professor Dumbledore! And I’ll go and c
But what would he write? Dear Professor Dumbledore, Sorry to bother y
he previous year, though only Professor Dumbledore had believed their
ea. Nobody but themselves and Professor Dumbledore knew about how Sir
 it’s nowhere near as long as Professor Dumbledore’s. …” Next to Mrs.
ted teeth. “And remember what Professor Trelawney said?” Harry went o
n. “At the end of last year?” Professor Trelawney was their Divinatio
nd George together. “I’m sure Professor Dumbledore will tell you. … N
ves, come down here at ONCE!” Professor McGonagall, Deputy Headmistre
Granger —” “That’s all right, Professor!” Hermione gasped, massaging 
s, get down here NOW!” barked Professor McGonagall, straightening her
call the headmaster!” shouted Professor McGonagall. “I’m warning you,
Well, move along, then!” said Professor McGonagall sharply to the bed
he lake with the first years; Professor McGonagall was presumably sup
ry’s favorite by far had been Professor Lupin, who had resigned last 
e more carefully. Tiny little Professor Flitwick, the Charms teacher,
large pile of cushions beside Professor Sprout, the Herbology teacher
gray hair. She was talking to Professor Sinistra of the Astronomy dep
seat, which Harry guessed was Professor McGonagall’s. Next to it, and
very center of the table, sat Professor Dumbledore, the headmaster, h
Hall opened and silence fell. Professor McGonagall was leading a long
ositively delighted about it. Professor McGonagall now placed a three
year making up the next one.” Professor McGonagall was now unrolling 
 the line dwindling slowly as Professor McGonagall passed the L’s. “O
LEPUFF!”), the Sorting ended. Professor McGonagall picked up the hat 
ectantly at his golden plate. Professor Dumbledore had gotten to his 
 him a look so reminiscent of Professor McGonagall that he gave up. W
e brightly into the silence. “Professor Moody.” It was usual for new 
haun who all go into a bar …” Professor McGonagall cleared her throat
 subject, apart from Potions. Professor Trelawney kept predicting Har
but here he was distracted by Professor Sprout showing the class the 
full of liquid. “Bubotubers,” Professor Sprout told them briskly. “Th
d. “Pus, Finnigan, pus,” said Professor Sprout, “and it’s extremely v
y caught it in the bottles as Professor Sprout had indicated, and by 
ep Madam Pomfrey happy,” said Professor Sprout, stoppering the last b
hers off.” “Silly girl,” said Professor Sprout, shaking her head. “Bu
e ceiling, and the room where Professor Trelawney lived. The familiar
day,” said the misty voice of Professor Trelawney right behind Harry,
r far too large for her face, Professor Trelawney was peering down at
rry, who looked stonily back. Professor Trelawney swept past them and
ati Patil, who deeply admired Professor Trelawney, were sitting on po
l sleepy and dull-witted, and Professor Trelawney’s rambling talks on
ght, Harry thought irritably, Professor Trelawney really was an old f
ad been caught … but what did Professor Trelawney know? He had long s
ul influence of Saturn,” said Professor Trelawney, a faint note of re
ear, the planet Saturn!” said Professor Trelawney, sounding definitel
“Aaaaah,” said Ron, imitating Professor Trelawney’s mystical whisper,
als from Lavender Brown — “Oh Professor, look! I think I’ve got an un
anet! Oooh, which one’s that, Professor?” “It is Uranus, my dear,” sa
said Ron. Most unfortunately, Professor Trelawney heard him, and it w
pped, sounding much more like Professor McGonagall than her usual air
htly, catching up with them. “Professor Vector didn’t give us any at 
, LADDIE!” Harry spun around. Professor Moody was limping down the ma
or and bounced upward again. “Professor Moody!” said a shocked voice.
r arms full of books. “Hello, Professor McGonagall,” said Moody calml
t — what are you doing?” said Professor McGonagall, her eyes followin
 is that a student?” shrieked Professor McGonagall, the books spillin
Yep,” said Moody. “No!” cried Professor McGonagall, running down the 
ration as a punishment!” said Professor McGonagall weakly. “Surely Pr
 him off toward the dungeons. Professor McGonagall stared anxiously a
d. “It was good, really, that Professor McGonagall stopped it —” “Her
oads to do.” “But you told us Professor Vector —” “It’s not schoolwor
is sixth cauldron in Potions. Professor Snape, who seemed to have att
sent, “I’ve had a letter from Professor Lupin about this class. Seems
o deal with it till then. But Professor Dumbledore’s got a higher opi
 them, and they turned to see Professor Moody limping toward them. Al
ey had better make a start on Professor Trelawney’s predictions tonig
hanks. Just reading this book Professor Moody lent me. …” He held up 
e Mediterranean. “Apparently, Professor Sprout told Professor Moody I
e this.” Telling Neville what Professor Sprout had said, Harry though
ing. It was the sort of thing Professor Lupin would have done. Harry 
en filled with the fumes from Professor Trelawney’s fire. “I haven’t 
Dark Arts. To their surprise, Professor Moody had announced that he w
 — but you said it’s illegal, Professor,” said Hermione uncertainly a
ere required to do this term. Professor McGonagall explained why, whe
d Ron were deeply amused when Professor Trelawney told them that they
s for catastrophes. Meanwhile Professor Binns, the ghost who taught H
ns of the eighteenth century. Professor Snape was forcing them to res
see if their antidote worked. Professor Flitwick had asked them to re
r I’ll be takin’ a leaf outta Professor Moody’s book. … I hear yeh ma
t of anyone from Durmstrang!” Professor McGonagall barked at the end 
easley, straighten your hat,” Professor McGonagall snapped at Ron. “M
it. “Follow me, please,” said Professor McGonagall. “First years in f
e you?” “Blooming, thank you, Professor Karkaroff,” Dumbledore replie
heir seats. Last in line were Professor Dumbledore, Professor Karkaro
udo Bagman was now sitting on Professor Karkaroff’s other side, while
 they will be joining myself, Professor Karkaroff, and Madame Maxime 
 he pulled his furs back on. “Professor, I vood like some vine,” said
wling voice from behind them. Professor Karkaroff spun around. Mad-Ey
holdup. Without another word, Professor Karkaroff swept his students 
e, and everyone turned to see Professor Dumbledore coming out of the 
 feet. On either side of him, Professor Karkaroff and Madame Maxime l
is seat. Up at the top table, Professor McGonagall had got to her fee
nd swept past Ludo Bagman and Professor Karkaroff to whisper urgently
ankly back. At the top table, Professor Dumbledore had straightened u
arge group of people came in: Professor Dumbledore, followed closely 
sor Karkaroff, Madame Maxime, Professor McGonagall, and Professor Sna
ther side of the wall, before Professor McGonagall closed the door. “
hat myself, Dumbledore,” said Professor Karkaroff. He was wearing a s
curtain of greasy black hair. Professor Dumbledore was now looking do
Goblet of Fire for you?” said Professor Dumbledore, ignoring Snape. “
e crossed the Age Line,” said Professor McGonagall sharply. “I am sur
did not make a mistake!” said Professor McGonagall angrily. “Really, 
ssed the line himself, and as Professor Dumbledore believes that he d
She shot a very angry look at Professor Snape. “Mr. Crouch … Mr. Bagm
a thing to say!” “We all know Professor Moody considers the morning w
touch of his old impatience. “Professor Karkaroff — Madame Maxime — a
ach other. Harry thought even Professor Sprout seemed distant with hi
ng to come anywhere near him, Professor Trelawney was predicting his 
 badly at Summoning Charms in Professor Flitwick’s class that he was 
ive judges were now sitting — Professor Karkaroff, Madame Maxime, Mr.
 been leaning low, talking to Professor Moody. Hagrid had his usual e
en’t got a hope, I doubt even Professor McGonagall … unless you’re su
ry, speaking quickly, in case Professor Flitwick came out to see wher
 Had he overheard them? “Er — Professor, I’m supposed to be in Herbol
of its previous occupants. In Professor Lockhart’s day, the walls had
 beaming, winking pictures of Professor Lockhart himself. When Lupin 
uttering a hurried apology to Professor Sprout as he passed her. “Her
had to endure over an hour of Professor Trelawney, who spent half the
t of the dragon-free hours?), Professor McGonagall was hurrying over 
. He left the Great Hall with Professor McGonagall. She didn’t seem h
th the other champions,” said Professor McGonagall, in a rather shaky
he entrance to the enclosure, Professor McGonagall, Professor Moody, 
was excellent, Potter!” cried Professor McGonagall as he got off the 
Harry the dragons beforehand. Professor Moody looked very pleased too
irst aid tent, please …” said Professor McGonagall. Harry walked out 
en’t you?” said Ron. “You and Professor Trelawney should get together
hing seemed very funny again. Professor Trelawney, who had been so pl
ooking horrified. “Yes,” said Professor Trelawney, nodding impressive
 air of the staircase beneath Professor Trelawney’s room. “But if I’d
I hope Hermione got loads off Professor Vector, I love not working wh
!” Dobby squealed excitedly. “Professor Dumbledore gave Dobby and Win
y happily. “Dobby came to see Professor Dumbledore, sir. You see, sir
o Dobby and Winky came to see Professor Dumbledore, sir, and Professo
elled in his eyes again. “And Professor Dumbledore says he will pay D
 screaming and fist-beating. “Professor Dumbledore offered Dobby ten 
ork better.” “And how much is Professor Dumbledore paying you, Winky?
r speaks ill of them — though Professor Dumbledore told Dobby he does
is ears flapped. “Dobby likes Professor Dumbledore very much, sir, an
ley! Will you pay attention?” Professor McGonagall’s irritated voice 
 shut away in a large cage on Professor McGonagall’s desk (Neville’s 
nough to act their age,” said Professor McGonagall, with an angry loo
 both looked around at Harry. Professor McGonagall ignored them, whic
. “Dress robes will be worn,” Professor McGonagall continued, “and th
n the Great Hall. Now then —” Professor McGonagall stared deliberatel
see what was funny this time: Professor McGonagall, with her hair in 
se. “But that does NOT mean,” Professor McGonagall went on, “that we 
ng them onto their shoulders. Professor McGonagall called above the n
oomily to the teacher’s desk. Professor McGonagall waited until the r
 “What partners?” said Harry. Professor McGonagall looked suspiciousl
ickly. “Oh yes, you do,” said Professor McGonagall irritably. “That’s
id. “It is traditional,” said Professor McGonagall firmly. “You are a
 “You heard me, Potter,” said Professor McGonagall in a very final so
 of the teachers, like little Professor Flitwick, gave up trying to t
s. Nothing would ever deflect Professor Binns, for example, from plow
rcy’s cauldron-bottom report. Professors McGonagall and Moody kept th
er Malfoy’s shoulder, “Hello, Professor Moody!” Malfoy went pale and 
mstrang students entered with Professor Karkaroff. Krum was at the fr
istmas and his reindeer. Then Professor McGonagall’s voice called, “C
 parting to let them through. Professor McGonagall, who was wearing d
else was settled in the Hall, Professor McGonagall told the champions
remely ungainly two-step with Professor Sinistra, who was nervously a
 The top table was now empty; Professor Dumbledore was dancing with P
ssor Sprout, Ludo Bagman with Professor McGonagall; Madame Maxime and
nd Harry saw Ludo Bagman kiss Professor McGonagall’s hand and make hi
“Where’s Hagrid?” “My name is Professor Grubbly-Plank,” she said bris
dly. “He is indisposed,” said Professor Grubbly-Plank shortly. Soft a
 them looked surprised to see Professor Grubbly-Plank. “This way, ple
id, hurrying to catch up with Professor Grubbly-Plank. “Never you min
 hotly. “What’s up with him?” Professor Grubbly-Plank acted as though
ead. “Boys keep back!” barked Professor Grubbly-Plank, throwing out a
k fence, watching. The moment Professor Grubbly-Plank was out of ears
paying attention over there?” Professor Grubbly-Plank’s voice carried
whose many magical properties Professor Grubbly-Plank was now enumera
I didn’t know half the things Professor Grubbly-Plank told us about u
er duties on the grounds, and Professor Grubbly-Plank continued to ta
’t you been listening to what Professor Binns has been telling us abo
ing that Skeeter cow — sorry, Professor,” he added quickly, looking a
!” “An excellent point,” said Professor Dumbledore. “My own brother, 
, Myrtle?’ she said, ‘because Professor Dippet asked me to look for y
e looked livid. “It’s Peeves, Professor,” Filch whispered malevolentl
“This egg was in your office, Professor?” “Of course not,” Snape snap
 banging and wailing —” “Yes, Professor, that was the egg —” “— I was
tigate —” “— Peeves threw it, Professor —” “— and when I passed my of
e intruder, Filch.” “I — yes, Professor — but —” Filch looked yearnin
perfumed foam? “The thing is, Professor,” said Filch plaintively, “th
?” he growled up the stairs. “Professor Snape and I heard noises, Pro
gs around as usual — and then Professor Snape discovered that someone
h it were his firstborn son. “Professor Moody, this is evidence of Pe
to water from the pain. “Er — Professor Moody, d’you think you could 
awful lot of trouble. … “Er … Professor Moody … why d’you reckon Mr. 
ry was burning to know more. “Professor Moody?” he said again. “D’you
 Fred and George Weasley, and Professor Lupin, their last Defense Aga
 kept flying across the room, Professor Flitwick had given each stude
ings flying across the room — Professor Flitwick, for instance. “Just
, all right?” Harry hissed as Professor Flitwick went whizzing resign
was right to trust Hagrid and Professor Lupin, even though loads of p
weekends — though Harry asked Professor McGonagall for a note of perm
ove he could do anything that Professor Grubbly-Plank could, Harry di
ilemmas and Their Solutions. “Professor McGonagall told us, remember 
ho felt his stomach drop. Was Professor McGonagall about to tell Ron 
 mops the floors. Dobby heard Professor McGonagall and Professor Mood
ges into a bewitched sleep in Professor McGonagall’s office, first as
ed around as the door opened. Professor Karkaroff came in. Everyone w
learing up my armadillo bile, Professor,” said Harry innocently, stra
y says will persuade her that Professor Dumbledore is her master now.
ione took flight. “We’ll tell Professor Sprout where you’ve gone. …” 
t the Dark Arts lesson to ask Professor Moody something. The rest of 
lly, in the last week of May, Professor McGonagall held him back in T
here, Potter?” “I need to see Professor Dumbledore!” said Harry, runn
ing between Harry and Snape. “Professor!” Harry said, sidestepping Sn
e was carrying his crossbow. “Professor Dumbledore!” he said, his eye
 “Hagrid, I need you to fetch Professor Karkaroff,” said Dumbledore. 
ou’ve done that, kindly alert Professor Moody —” “No need, Dumbledore
rply. “Oh yeah … right y’are, Professor …” said Hagrid, and he turned
Ron muttered. “We need to see Professor Moody,” said Hermione. “We ne
 it’s too early to go and see Professor Moody?” Hermione said as they
r head on her hand, gazing at Professor Binns with her eyes out of fo
Dark Arts classroom and found Professor Moody leaving it. He looked a
sided appearance than usual. “Professor Moody?” Harry called as they 
ve disappeared, aren’t there, Professor?” Moody’s magical eye quivere
 the curtained windows. While Professor Trelawney was looking the oth
comfortable. “My dears,” said Professor Trelawney, sitting down in he
the only source of light now. Professor Trelawney bent down and lifte
lass. Harry watched lazily as Professor Trelawney began to point out 
 He was lying on the floor of Professor Trelawney’s room with his han
d. “Of course he isn’t!” said Professor Trelawney, looking thoroughly
re clutching your scar!” said Professor Trelawney. “You were rolling 
 vibrations of my room!” said Professor Trelawney “If you leave now, 
ed for the trapdoor, ignoring Professor Trelawney, who was wearing an
 —” “I wanted to talk to you, Professor,” Harry said quickly, looking
lo, Fawkes,” he said. Fawkes, Professor Dumbledore’s phoenix, was sta
ht next to Albus Dumbledore. “Professor!” Harry said in a kind of str
ore was standing beside him. “Professor,” Harry gasped, “I know I sho
notice whatsoever of Harry or Professor Dumbledore. When she spoke, h
e basin. “He put a hex on me, Professor Dumbledore, and I was only te
mething.” “Yes,” said Harry. “Professor — I was in Divination just no
 was merely a blur of color. “Professor?” he said quietly, after a co
ng mass within the Pensieve. “Professor,” Harry said at last, “do you
osity held him in his chair. “Professor?” he said again. “Yes, Harry?
Frank, was an Auror just like Professor Moody. He and his wife were t
hen up at Harry. “No more has Professor Snape,” he said. Harry looked
stopped supporting Voldemort, Professor?” Dumbledore held Harry’s gaz
t, Harry, is a matter between Professor Snape and myself.” Harry knew
now, when he is ready.” “Yes, Professor,” said Harry, turning to go. 
 and Ron all over the school, Professor McGonagall had given them per
y said to Ron; but just then, Professor McGonagall came walking along
e starting to appear. Hagrid, Professor Moody, Professor McGonagall, 
he outside of the maze,” said Professor McGonagall to the champions. 
aged a loud conversation with Professor McGonagall about the hostages
d been, saw Albus Dumbledore, Professor Snape, and Professor McGonaga
sible, glaring into the room. Professor McGonagall went straight to H
 on a ring. Then he turned to Professors McGonagall and Snape. “Sever
rned with Winky at his heels. Professor McGonagall was right behind t
Crouch!” “Good heavens,” said Professor McGonagall, stopping dead and
ing him tightly. He turned to Professor McGonagall. “Minerva, could I
 upstairs?” “Of course,” said Professor McGonagall. She looked slight
e returned to his parents. … “Professor,” Harry mumbled, “where are M
Mrs. Diggory?” “They are with Professor Sprout,” said Dumbledore. His
it inside the castle!” yelled Professor McGonagall. “When Dumbledore 
ge came striding up the ward. Professors McGonagall and Snape were at
harply, looking from Fudge to Professor McGonagall. “Why are you dist
o that!” Harry had never seen Professor McGonagall lose control like 
would not agree, Dumbledore!” Professor McGonagall fumed. “I told him
g a possibly dangerous —” But Professor McGonagall’s voice drowned Fu
elt a chill in his stomach as Professor McGonagall struggled to find 
e’s trustworthy?” “You fool!” Professor McGonagall cried. “Cedric Dig
” said Dumbledore, turning to Professor McGonagall, “I want to see Ha
ent to come — Madame Maxime.” Professor McGonagall nodded and left wi
u be very kind and go down to Professor Moody’s office, where I think
, Hagrid?” he asked. “He sent Professor McGonagall to ask you and Mad
mprisonment in his own trunk. Professor Karkaroff’s chair was empty. 
ng the table, sitting next to Professor McGonagall, was Snape. His ey
Harry’s musings were ended by Professor Dumbledore, who stood up at t
t he did not lower his wand. “Professor Moody?” he said uncertainly. 
d it for more than a year. “P-Professor Lupin?” he said disbelievingl
favorite teacher at Hogwarts, Professor Snape. Harry leaned farther o
 his Transfiguration teacher, Professor McGonagall, looking very odd 
rs. Weasley had answered it. “Professor Dumbledore doesn’t think it’s
earned this at school?” “Yes, Professor Lupin taught me in my third y
 must have misunderstood you, Professor Dumbledore,” she said with a 
n. I can’t wait to show it to Professor Sprout. My great-uncle Algie 
nt chin and severe haircut of Professor Grubbly-Plank, the witch who 
ght about the reappearance of Professor Grubbly-Plank, but neither of
wed hers. They lit first upon Professor Dumbledore, sitting in his hi
ntion had just been caught by Professor Grubbly-Plank who had just ap
g first years entered, led by Professor McGonagall, who was carrying 
the rest of the students, and Professor McGonagall placed the stool c
ning whenever it feels —” But Professor McGonagall, who was waiting t
 swept the four House tables, Professor McGonagall lowered her eyes t
s sorted into Hufflepuff, and Professor McGonagall picked up the hat 
tool and marched them away as Professor Dumbledore rose to his feet. 
 very pleased to welcome back Professor Grubbly-Plank, who will be ta
e also delighted to introduce Professor Umbridge, our new Defense Aga
e off, looking inquiringly at Professor Umbridge. As she was not much
had stopped talking, but then Professor Umbridge said, “Hem, hem, ” a
smartly and looked alertly at Professor Umbridge as though he desired
ept at hiding their surprise. Professor Sprout’s eyebrows had disappe
ed into her flyaway hair, and Professor McGonagall’s mouth was as thi
rts. “Thank you, Headmaster,” Professor Umbridge simpered, “for those
m lapsed into silent giggles. Professor Umbridge cleared her throat a
oble profession of teaching.” Professor Umbridge paused here and made
ers, none of whom bowed back. Professor McGonagall’s dark eyebrows ha
nge a significant glance with Professor Sprout as Umbridge gave anoth
e of the few still staring at Professor Umbridge, but he was glassy-e
 badge gleaming on his chest. Professor Umbridge did not seem to noti
 again. “Thank you very much, Professor Umbridge, that was most illum
 staff table as they entered. Professor Grubbly-Plank was chatting to
u or Dumbledore or anything.” Professor McGonagall was now moving alo
 ever devised by Wizard-kind. Professor Binns, their ghost teacher, h
ions, which was due mainly to Professor Trelawney’s habit of predicti
r said it —” “Good day,” said Professor Trelawney in her usual misty,
ing them all in no doubt that Professor Trelawney considered her subj
meant, he did not need Ron or Professor Trelawney or the stupid Dream
Harry was not cheered up when Professor Trelawney set them the task o
ark Arts classroom they found Professor Umbridge already seated at th
quiet as it entered the room; Professor Umbridge was, as yet, an unkn
,” in reply. “Tut, tut,” said Professor Umbridge. “That won’t do, now
se, to reply ‘Good afternoon, Professor Umbridge.’ One more time, ple
oon, class!” “Good afternoon, Professor Umbridge,” they chanted back 
ut quill, ink, and parchment. Professor Umbridge opened her handbag, 
ragmented, hasn’t it?” stated Professor Umbridge, turning to face the
When everyone had copied down Professor Umbridge’s three course aims 
k we’ll try that again,” said Professor Umbridge. “When I ask you a q
hould like you to reply ‘Yes, Professor Umbridge,’ or ‘No, Professor 
 by Wilbert Slinkhard?” “Yes, Professor Umbridge,” rang through the r
ere will be no need to talk.” Professor Umbridge left the blackboard 
 quite as bad as listening to Professor Binns. He felt his concentrat
y. She was staring fixedly at Professor Umbridge with her hand in the
ns, and continued to stare at Professor Umbridge, who was looking jus
mione’s mute attempt to catch Professor Umbridge’s eye than to strugg
e rather than at their books, Professor Umbridge seemed to decide tha
we’re reading just now,” said Professor Umbridge, showing her small, 
 course aims,” said Hermione. Professor Umbridge raised her eyebrows.
them through carefully,” said Professor Umbridge in a voice of determ
rd. “Using defensive spells?” Professor Umbridge repeated with a litt
usting his hand into the air. Professor Umbridge, smiling still more 
ately raised their hands too. Professor Umbridge’s pouchy eyes linger
 expert, Miss Granger?” asked Professor Umbridge in her falsely sweet
a —” “Hand, Mr. Potter!” sang Professor Umbridge. Harry thrust his fi
s up too. “And your name is?” Professor Umbridge said to Dean. “Dean 
risk-free —” “I repeat,” said Professor Umbridge, smiling in a very i
ring my classes?” “No, but —” Professor Umbridge talked over him. “I 
us half-breeds.” “If you mean Professor Lupin,” piped up Dean Thomas 
r!” Hermione put up her hand; Professor Umbridge turned away from her
 not up, Mr. Thomas!” trilled Professor Umbridge. “Now, it is the vie
examination conditions,” said Professor Umbridge dismissively. “Witho
y, his fist in the air again. Professor Umbridge looked up. “This is 
en like yourselves?” inquired Professor Umbridge in a horribly honeye
ipped sideways off his stool. Professor Umbridge, however, did not fl
ke a few things quite plain.” Professor Umbridge stood up and leaned 
ers-worse-for-yourself,” said Professor Umbridge in one breath withou
“Detention, Mr. Potter!” said Professor Umbridge triumphantly. “Tomor
ve, ‘Basics for Beginners.’ ” Professor Umbridge sat down behind her 
y stared avidly from Harry to Professor Umbridge, who had raised her 
killed him, and you know it.” Professor Umbridge’s face was quite bla
 not care what happened next. Professor Umbridge pulled a small roll 
ld not open it. “Take this to Professor McGonagall, dear,” said Profe
oor to his left flew open and Professor McGonagall emerged from her o
t?” He held out the note from Professor Umbridge. Professor McGonagal
ally behind him. “Well?” said Professor McGonagall, rounding on him. 
sively than he had intended. “Professor?” he added in an attempt to s
s it true that you shouted at Professor Umbridge?” “Yes,” said Harry.
Not-Be-Named is back?” “Yes.” Professor McGonagall sat down behind he
rry, expecting to be caned by Professor McGonagall, had instead been 
he had done on that occasion. Professor McGonagall set down Professor
e your common sense,” snapped Professor McGonagall, with an abrupt re
his week, starting tomorrow,” Professor McGonagall said, looking down
ry repeated, horrified. “But, Professor, couldn’t you — ?” “No, I cou
emort’s back, you know he is, Professor Dumbledore knows he is —” “Fo
 heaven’s sake, Potter!” said Professor McGonagall, straightening her
ng to interfere at Hogwarts.” Professor McGonagall eyed him for a mom
ed by double Transfiguration. Professor Flitwick and Professor McGona
u must remember,” said little Professor Flitwick squeakily, perched a
ng Charms, which according to Professor Flitwick were bound to come u
 cannot pass an O.W.L.,” said Professor McGonagall grimly, “without s
s, you too, Longbottom,” said Professor McGonagall. “There’s nothing 
int bonus for Gryffindor from Professor McGonagall. She was the only 
 drop of rain on their faces. Professor Grubbly-Plank stood waiting f
ulty. “Everyone here?” barked Professor Grubbly-Plank, once all the S
our voices down, girls!” said Professor Grubbly-Plank sharply, scatte
 points for Gryffindor,” said Professor Grubbly-Plank. “Yes, these ar
hat he ended up right next to Professor Grubbly-Plank. “Where’s Hagri
ckles. “Never you mind,” said Professor Grubbly-Plank repressively, w
efiant. To nobody’s surprise, Professor Sprout started their lesson b
at worsened dramatically when Professor Sprout gave them yet another 
ling strongly of dragon dung, Professor Sprout’s preferred brand of f
ed at them, transfixed, until Professor Umbridge spoke again. “Good e
 said Harry, without moving. “Professor Umbridge? Er — before we star
Oh, you won’t need ink,” said Professor Umbridge with the merest sugg
he bowtruckle, and meanwhile, Professors McGonagall, Grubbly-Plank, a
 off answers to the questions Professor McGonagall had set them, cobb
r handling of bowtruckles for Professor Grubbly-Plank, and staggered 
inted quill’s scratching made Professor Umbridge look up. “Ah,” she s
marting right. “Oh yes,” said Professor Umbridge, smiling widely as b
ck that evening he knocked on Professor Umbridge’s office door for wh
gainst the Dark Arts teacher, Professor Umbridge. She’s nearly as nic
n, as they finally laid aside Professor McGonagall’s long essay on th
spell and turned miserably to Professor Sinistra’s equally long and d
has it from your new teacher, Professor Umbridge) that you have becom
ery sorry to hear that so far Professor Umbridge is encountering very
shows himself willing to help Professor Umbridge now may be very well
aid briskly to Harry, pulling Professor Sinistra’s essay back toward 
 think you must have misheard Professor Sinistra, Europa’s covered in
his family he’s got left, and Professor Dumbledore said —” “So what a
hey are coming up to scratch. Professor Umbridge has been offered thi
don’t want to be late...” But Professor Umbridge was not inspecting t
Against the Dark Arts to meet Professor Umbridge. He was pulling out 
bs and, looking round, he saw Professor Umbridge emerging through the
 fall in the noise level made Professor Trelawney, who had been wafti
 look round. “Good afternoon, Professor Trelawney,” said Professor Um
and date of your inspection?” Professor Trelawney nodded curtly and, 
sgruntled, turned her back on Professor Umbridge and continued to giv
at it was a few inches behind Professor Trelawney’s seat. She then sa
iting for the class to begin. Professor Trelawney pulled her shawls t
o sweep back to her seat, saw Professor Umbridge sitting right beside
chancing a glance behind him. Professor Umbridge was now standing at 
o what Umbridge was saying to Professor Trelawney. They were only a t
le away from him and Ron now. Professor Umbridge was making another n
this post how long, exactly?” Professor Trelawney scowled at her, arm
ears.” “Quite a period,” said Professor Umbridge, making a note on he
ed you?” “That’s right,” said Professor Trelawney shortly. Professor 
andra Trelawney?” “Yes,” said Professor Trelawney, holding her head a
er — three generations,” said Professor Trelawney. Professor Umbridge
p inquiringly, still smiling. Professor Trelawney had stiffened as th
I don’t understand you,” said Professor Trelawney, clutching convulsi
ke a prediction for me,” said Professor Umbridge very clearly. Harry 
ss were staring transfixed at Professor Trelawney as she drew herself
ndalized tones. “I see,” said Professor Umbridge softly, making yet a
 “I — but — but … wait!” said Professor Trelawney suddenly, in an att
ng dark … some grave peril …” Professor Trelawney pointed a shaking f
hat you are in grave danger!” Professor Trelawney finished dramatical
o …” She turned away, leaving Professor Trelawney standing rooted to 
s he was: They both knew that Professor Trelawney was an old fraud, b
ic toward her. All the while, Professor Umbridge stood a few feet awa
mione could ask any questions Professor Umbridge had called them all 
ad her hand in the air again. Professor Umbridge had noticed too, and
o. I’ve read the whole book.” Professor Umbridge blinked but recovere
 them sound more acceptable.” Professor Umbridge raised her eyebrows,
isagree,” Hermione continued. Professor Umbridge’s eyebrows rose a li
.” “Oh, you do, do you?” said Professor Umbridge, forgetting to whisp
began. “That is enough,” said Professor Umbridge. She walked back to 
ointless interruptions,” said Professor Umbridge smoothly. “I am here
ith the possible exception of Professor Quirrell, who did at least ap
ay and shouted so loudly that Professor McGonagall came sweeping down
points from Gryffindor!” “But Professor — he’s gone and landed himsel
” “What’s this, Potter?” said Professor McGonagall sharply, rounding 
“Detention? From whom?” “From Professor Umbridge,” muttered Harry, no
onday you lost your temper in Professor Umbridge’s class again?” “Yes
rom Gryffindor!” “But — what? Professor, no!” Harry said, furious at 
fect on you whatsoever!” said Professor McGonagall tartly. “No, not a
guration he forgot his anger; Professor Umbridge and her clipboard we
ridge get what she deserves.” Professor McGonagall marched into the r
test indication that she knew Professor Umbridge was there. “That wil
 student —” “Hem, hem, ” said Professor Umbridge, employing the same 
e on the first night of term. Professor McGonagall ignored her. Seamu
shall be —” “Hem, hem, ” said Professor Umbridge. “Yes?” said Profess
 line. “I was just wondering, Professor, whether you received my note
 doing in my classroom,” said Professor McGonagall, turning her back 
“Hem, hem. ” “I wonder,” said Professor McGonagall in cold fury, turn
e to talk when I am talking.” Professor Umbridge looked as though she
ooking supremely unconcerned, Professor McGonagall addressed the clas
 was grinning; his anger with Professor McGonagall had quite evaporat
essor Umbridge did not follow Professor McGonagall around the class a
ney; perhaps she thought that Professor McGonagall would not permit i
e sat in her corner, and when Professor McGonagall finally told them 
t of the classroom, Harry saw Professor Umbridge approach the teacher
u been teaching at Hogwarts?” Professor Umbridge asked. “Thirty-nine 
quely, snapping her bag shut. Professor Umbridge made a note. “Very w
e.” “I can hardly wait,” said Professor McGonagall in a coldly indiff
board waiting for them beside Professor Grubbly-Plank. “You do not us
 twigs. “Quite correct,” said Professor Grubbly-Plank, hands behind h
itute teacher standing in for Professor Hagrid.” Harry exchanged unea
 of the Ministry. “Hmm,” said Professor Umbridge, dropping her voice,
n you tell me what is causing Professor Hagrid’s very extended leave 
erly. “ ’Fraid I can’t,” said Professor Grubbly-Plank breezily. “Don’
then?” “Yes, please do,” said Professor Umbridge, scribbling upon her
 Hagrid down. “Overall,” said Professor Umbridge, returning to Profes
Dumbledore’s excellent,” said Professor Grubbly-Plank heartily. “No, 
r — assuming, of course, that Professor Hagrid does not return?” “Oh,
ften come up in O.W.L.,” said Professor Grubbly-Plank. “Not much left
’re doing, at any rate,” said Professor Umbridge, making a very obvio
ogriff.” “A hippogriff?” said Professor Umbridge, now scribbling fran
oth Ron and Hermione groaned. Professor Umbridge turned her head slow
. “Well, thank you very much, Professor Grubbly-Plank, I think that’s
ten days.” “Jolly good,” said Professor Grubbly-Plank, and Professor 
-bounds; I specifically asked Professor Flitwick whether students wer
y in such a good imitation of Professor Umbridge that several people 
ght from the High Inquisitor (Professor Umbridge). No Student Organiz
present when they entered was Professor Binns, floating an inch or so
Parvati. He glanced around at Professor Binns who continued to read h
dow with an anxious glance at Professor Binns, crouched low again, an
 gazed at him reproachfully. “Professor Binns,” said Harry loudly, an
 him. “I’m not feeling well.” Professor Binns raised his eyes from hi
e hospital wing.” “Yes,” said Professor Binns, clearly very much wron
 remaining option was to find Professor Grubbly-Plank and hope she wo
und himself face-to-face with Professor McGonagall. “You haven’t been
les flashing alarmingly. “No, Professor!” said Harry hastily. “Well t
yle snidely. “I’m looking for Professor Grubbly-Plank,” Harry explain
” “Injured owl, did you say?” Professor Grubbly-Plank appeared at Pro
her wing’s all funny, look —” Professor Grubbly-Plank stuck her pipe 
 took Hedwig from Harry while Professor McGonagall watched. “Hmm,” sa
ig was going to be all right. Professor McGonagall, however, looked s
ows had joined in the middle. Professor Grubbly-Plank pulled a monocl
for break. “No problem,” said Professor Grubbly-Plank gruffly, turnin
t a moment, Wilhelmina!” said Professor McGonagall. “Potter’s letter!
 scroll tied to Hedwig’s leg. Professor Grubbly-Plank handed it over 
 guilty, he turned to go, but Professor McGonagall called him back. “
corridor was almost upon him. Professor McGonagall gave him a curt no
ten...” And he told them what Professor McGonagall had said. To his s
of the dungeon, and Harry saw Professor Umbridge sitting there, clipb
n — “on the board. Carry on.” Professor Umbridge spent the first half
e Dark Arts post, I believe?” Professor Umbridge asked Snape. “Yes,” 
pe’s lip curled. “Obviously.” Professor Umbridge scribbled on her cli
e jerkily. “Oh I shall,” said Professor Umbridge with a sweet smile. 
eyes narrowed. “Oh yes,” said Professor Umbridge. “Yes, the Ministry 
m feeling angry at everybody. Professor Trelawney was handing out cop
vination who was in a temper. Professor Trelawney slammed a copy of t
 pouf. “Well, carry on!” said Professor Trelawney loudly, her voice h
 knew what was the matter. As Professor Trelawney flounced back to th
lts of her inspection back.” “Professor?” said Parvati Patil in a hus
der had always rather admired Professor Trelawney). “Professor, is th
— er — wrong?” “Wrong!” cried Professor Trelawney in a voice throbbin
ulted, no, I shall not!” “But Professor, who’s insulting you?” asked 
ly. “The establishment!” said Professor Trelawney in a deep, dramatic
r shot him a disgusted look. “Professor,” said Parvati, “do you mean 
o me about that woman!” cried Professor Trelawney, leaping to her fee
oon, class.” “Good afternoon, Professor Umbridge,” they chanted drear
ery good, Miss Granger!” said Professor Flitwick’s squeaky little voi
itive adoration on his face. “Professor Grubbly-Plank says she is all
he scars shone pearly white, “Professor Umbridge.” He expected the el
e they could hardly hear what Professor Sprout was saying over the ha
tory. Harry realized how much Professor McGonagall cared about beatin
nt to have to hand it over to Professor Snape, so use the extra time 
t with me —” “JORDAN!” yelled Professor McGonagall. “Just a fun fact,
ad barely reached the door of Professor McGonagall’s office when she 
ffly. “Provoked you?” shouted Professor McGonagall, slamming a fist o
e dueling, did you?” bellowed Professor McGonagall. “Have you any ide
imminent misery. “May I help, Professor McGonagall?” asked Professor 
weet voice. Blood rushed into Professor McGonagall’s face. “Help?” sh
. “What do you mean, ‘help’?” Professor Umbridge moved forward into t
prised to see sparks fly from Professor McGonagall’s nostrils. “You t
r of you ever —” “Hem, hem. ” Professor McGonagall closed her eyes as
as she turned her face toward Professor Umbridge again. “Yes?” “I thi
, smiling still more broadly. Professor McGonagall’s eyes flew open. 
 “Not another one!” exclaimed Professor McGonagall violently. “Well, 
n. But I am not unreasonable, Professor McGonagall,” she continued, t
ou ought to know that by now, Professor Flitwick’s mentioned it at le
 his foot and pulled it open. Professor Umbridge was standing in the 
fing loudly around the hem of Professor Umbridge’s robes, and she did
ntly, dropping all pretense, “Professor Umbridge won’t be at all happ
w that many of them preferred Professor Grubbly-Plank’s lessons, and 
rtune on people who see them. Professor Trelawney told me once —” “No
ow, thestrals —” “Hem, hem. ” Professor Umbridge had arrived. She was
 his gigantic arms hopefully. Professor Umbridge raised her eyebrows 
 them...” “Do you find,” said Professor Umbridge in a ringing voice t
at you are able to understand Professor Hagrid when he talks?” Just l
 in a fit of renewed giggles. Professor Umbridge smiled indulgently a
le’s voice again. “Over here, Professor …” Professor McGonagall came 
ean, you saw it happen?” said Professor McGonagall, her dark eyebrows
t to find out where he is...” Professor McGonagall was gazing at him 
“I believe you, Potter,” said Professor McGonagall curtly. “Put on yo
 you ought to come too,” said Professor McGonagall. They followed Pro
 them and hissed faintly, but Professor McGonagall said, “Shoo!” Mrs.
fice. “Fizzing Whizbee,” said Professor McGonagall. The gargoyle spra
ning at least a dozen people. Professor McGonagall rapped three times
 opened of its own accord and Professor McGonagall led Harry and Ron 
nder its wing. “Oh, it’s you, Professor McGonagall … and … ah. ” Dumb
blue eyes fixed intently upon Professor McGonagall. “Professor Dumble
 a … well, a nightmare,” said Professor McGonagall. “He says …” “It w
ghtmare,” said Harry quickly. Professor McGonagall looked around at H
eeping around Harry, Ron, and Professor McGonagall and approaching th
e back for several minutes... Professor McGonagall, if you could draw
mbledore. He looked around at Professor McGonagall. “Minerva, I need 
ley children.” “Of course...” Professor McGonagall got up and moved s
ore — what about Molly?” said Professor McGonagall, pausing at the do
 Ginny were ushered inside by Professor McGonagall, all three of them
inny, who looked frightened. “Professor McGonagall says you saw Dad h
r off — tell her any story —” Professor McGonagall was gone in a swis
“No,” said Harry, thinking of Professor Trelawney and feeling insulte
ced itself out of the back of Professor Quirrell’s head, and he ran h
ddenly, sounding breathless. “Professor Lockhart!” Their ex-Defense A
o grinned. “Er — how are you, Professor?” said Ron, sounding slightly
tioning wand that had damaged Professor Lockhart’s memory so badly th
yebrows at Harry, who asked, “Professor, should you be wandering arou
you come down to the kitchen? Professor Snape would like a word with 
 Weasley, what did you say?” “Professor Snape, dear. In the kitchen. 
“Snape?” said Harry blankly. “Professor Snape, dear,” said Mrs. Weasl
l therefore call me ‘sir’ or ‘Professor’ at all times.” “Yes … sir, ”
and influence.” “And why does Professor Dumbledore think I need it, s
 this added up. “But why does Professor Dumbledore want to stop it?” 
 Mr. Weasley and if I hadn’t, Professor Dumbledore wouldn’t have been
h other across the Pensieve. “Professor Dumbledore says his name,” sa
Harry urgently. “Is this just Professor Dumbledore guessing, or — ?” 
nt story here: Dumbledore and Professor McGonagall were deep in conve
both looking extremely grave. Professor Sprout had the Prophet proppe
 at the far end of the table, Professor Umbridge was tucking into a b
ncussing a frightened-looking Professor Vector, who was passing. “Jus
as she, Harry, and Ron passed Professors McGonagall, Flitwick, and Sp
efense Against the Dark Arts, Professor! That’s not information relat
stion was whether it would be Professor Trelawney or Hagrid who went 
umed tower room, interrupting Professor Trelawney’s increasingly hyst
s in turn. Harry thought that Professor Trelawney might soon crack un
. He dreamed that Neville and Professor Sprout were waltzing around t
 his hands full of envelopes. Professor Umbridge was standing behind 
absorbed in conversation with Professor Flitwick. “An interview?” rep
ot them convinced!” Meanwhile Professor Umbridge was stalking the sch
elings about it all the same. Professor Sprout awarded Gryffindor twe
her a watering can; a beaming Professor Flitwick pressed a box of squ
 “Shh!” and hurried away; and Professor Trelawney broke into hysteric
cked, others even frightened. Professor McGonagall was directly oppos
g made her feel faintly sick. Professor Trelawney was standing in the
wn down the stairs after her. Professor Trelawney was staring, appare
vision was nothing other than Professor Umbridge. “Incapable though y
acked?” “You c-can’t!” howled Professor Trelawney, tears streaming do
me!” “It was your home,” said Professor Umbridge, and Harry was revol
 toadlike face as she watched Professor Trelawney sink, sobbing uncon
ion of gloating enjoyment, as Professor Trelawney shuddered and moane
her. Then he heard footsteps. Professor McGonagall had broken away fr
ators, marched straight up to Professor Trelawney and was patting her
eave Hogwarts...” “Oh really, Professor McGonagall?” said Umbridge in
ookers toward the place where Professor Trelawney sat, tearstained an
nagall alongside her. “Yours, Professor Dumbledore?” said Umbridge wi
of Magic. I have decided that Professor Trelawney is not up to scratc
d to smile. He looked down at Professor Trelawney, who was still sobb
u are quite right, of course, Professor Umbridge. As High Inquisitor 
aster, and it is my wish that Professor Trelawney continue to live at
remain, Sibyll.” He turned to Professor McGonagall. “Might I ask you 
 escort Sibyll back upstairs, Professor McGonagall?” “Of course,” sai
gall. “Up you get, Sibyll...” Professor Sprout came hurrying forward 
dge and up the marble stairs. Professor Flitwick went scurrying after
aked, “Locomotor trunks!” and Professor Trelawney’s luggage rose into
d up the staircase after her, Professor Flitwick bringing up the rear
few days after the sacking of Professor Trelawney, and Parvati was cu
ze gestured around the room. “Professor Dumbledore has kindly arrange
use I have agreed to work for Professor Dumbledore,” said Firenze. “T
psed in the sky above us...” “Professor Trelawney did Astrology with 
ted by planetary movements.” “Professor Trelawney —” began Parvati, i
Jinx, Potter!” he said. “Hey, Professor — PROFESSOR! I’ve got one!” U
of his long fingers together. Professor McGonagall stood rigidly besi
arry had heard as she watched Professor Trelawney dissolving with mis
d incredulously from Harry to Professor Umbridge; Harry took advantag
ly sagging with sarcasm, “why Professor Umbridge has brought you to t
r, don’t be frightened,” said Professor Umbridge softly, patting her 
 you, my dear, coming to tell Professor Umbridge, you did exactly the
ur evidence for that?” cut in Professor McGonagall. “I have testimony
 regurgitating toilets!” said Professor McGonagall, raising her eyebr
th these students,” continued Professor Umbridge, “was to persuade th
eaning was quite clear,” said Professor McGonagall harshly. “There ha
e as yet unknown to humans —” Professor Umbridge seized Marietta, pul
ould not let it happen. “No — Professor Dumbledore!” “Be quiet, Harry
l not be single-handed!” said Professor McGonagall loudly, plunging h
s half-strangling him and saw Professor McGonagall crouched beside hi
 said Dumbledore. “Yes!” said Professor McGonagall, getting up and dr
ou go, Dumbledore?” whispered Professor McGonagall. “Grimmauld Place?
 Hogwarts, I promise you...” “Professor Dumbledore …” Harry began. He
 understand me? Do everything Professor Snape tells you and practice 
 “You think so, do you?” said Professor McGonagall scornfully. Fudge 
” said Fudge, looking back at Professor McGonagall with a dismissive 
stry of Magic, hand-picked by Professor Umbridge. Anyway, members of 
as he rapped three times upon Professor Umbridge’s door and pushed it
very much. “Dear, dear,” said Professor McGonagall sardonically, as o
The upshot of it all was that Professor Umbridge spent her first afte
e tottering sweaty-faced from Professor Flitwick’s classroom. “Thank 
you so much, Professor!” said Professor Flitwick in his squeaky littl
en and Draco Malfoy sped in. “Professor Snape, sir — oh — sorry —” Ma
at is it?” asked Snape. “It’s Professor Umbridge, sir — she needs you
p; turning, he saw the top of Professor Flitwick’s head moving betwee
 desks a short distance away. Professor Flitwick was walking past a b
n. Then, with a glance toward Professor Flitwick, he turned in his se
uills down, please!” squeaked Professor Flitwick. “That means you too
 zoomed into the air and into Professor Flitwick’s outstretched arms,
nt desks got up, took hold of Professor Flitwick beneath the elbows, 
hank you … thank you,” panted Professor Flitwick. “Very well, everybo
?) Yes, he had once overheard Professor McGonagall saying that his fa
found that he was expected in Professor McGonagall’s office at half-p
as at least as inattentive to Professor Binns in History of Magic as 
n his career appointment with Professor McGonagall, remembering only 
y a few minutes late. “Sorry, Professor,” he panted, as he closed the
 corner. Harry looked around. Professor Umbridge was sitting there, a
ace. “Sit down, Potter,” said Professor McGonagall tersely. Her hands
ixth and seventh years,” said Professor McGonagall. “Have you had any
 him very distracting. “Yes?” Professor McGonagall prompted Harry. “W
ed top grades for that,” said Professor McGonagall, extracting a smal
 three years.” At this moment Professor Umbridge gave a very tiny cou
 how quietly she could do it. Professor McGonagall ignored her. “You’
I suppose?” “Naturally,” said Professor McGonagall crisply. “I would 
ittle more audible this time. Professor McGonagall closed her eyes fo
ors. And I must tell you that Professor Snape absolutely refuses to t
ding’ in their O.W.L.s, so —” Professor Umbridge gave her most pronou
r you a cough drop, Dolores?” Professor McGonagall asked curtly, with
ay you’ll find you can,” said Professor McGonagall through tightly gr
mperament for an Auror?” said Professor Umbridge sweetly. “Were you?”
 Potions up to scratch. I see Professor Flitwick has graded you betwe
rks have been generally high, Professor Lupin in particular thought y
thank you, Minerva,” simpered Professor Umbridge, who had just coughe
e …” “What, this thing?” said Professor McGonagall in a tone of revul
Yes, as I was saying, Potter, Professor Lupin thought you showed a pr
tand my note, Minerva?” asked Professor Umbridge in honeyed tones, qu
course I understood it,” said Professor McGonagall, her teeth clenche
hat —” “False hope?” repeated Professor McGonagall, still refusing to
ade my meaning plainer,” said Professor McGonagall, turning at last t
 set by a competent teacher.” Professor Umbridge’s smile vanished as 
es rolling from side to side. Professor McGonagall turned back to Har
 pressure and so forth,” said Professor McGonagall, “perseverance and
very good chance, then,” said Professor McGonagall. “Potter has a cri
cleared of all charges,” said Professor McGonagall, even more loudly.
soever of becoming an Auror!” Professor McGonagall got to her feet to
essive move. She towered over Professor Umbridge. “Potter,” she said 
er is ready to join!” shouted Professor McGonagall. “Aha!” shrieked P
boot!” “You are raving,” said Professor McGonagall, superbly disdainf
bridge. He could hear her and Professor McGonagall continuing to shou
 way back along the corridor. Professor Umbridge was still breathing 
king... He could just imagine Professor McGonagall’s reaction if he w
n’t be seeing you,” Fred told Professor Umbridge, swinging his leg ov
t,” added George, pointing at Professor Umbridge. “STOP THEM!” shriek
e’s departure Harry witnessed Professor McGonagall walking right past
arry was deeply thankful that Professor Sprout ushered them into gree
rably. “Gran’s always telling Professor Marchbanks I’m not as good as
ion lesson. “As you can see,” Professor McGonagall told the class whi
or. Our new — headmistress” — Professor McGonagall pronounced the wor
 new regime at the school...” Professor McGonagall gave a tiny sigh. 
res to think about.” “Please, Professor,” said Hermione, her hand in 
 you some time in July,” said Professor McGonagall. “Excellent,” said
 the examiners. Harry thought Professor Marchbanks must be the tiny, 
ng to her very deferentially. Professor Marchbanks seemed to be a lit
.” “I doubt it,” shouted tiny Professor Marchbanks, “not if Dumbledor
before …” “Yes … well …” said Professor Umbridge as Harry, Ron, and H
f-table end of the Hall where Professor McGonagall stood facing them.
 said Ron. Ten minutes later, Professor Flitwick called, “Parkinson, 
d so tightly his hand shook. “Professor Tofty is free, Potter,” squea
corner, a short distance from Professor Marchbanks, who was halfway t
Malfoy. “Potter, is it?” said Professor Tofty, consulting his notes a
ry could not suppress a grin. Professor Tofty smiled back at him enco
rance hall. “Oh bravo!” cried Professor Tofty, who was examining Harr
t dissolved into silver mist, Professor Tofty clapped his veined and 
 during a Potions class. When Professor Marchbanks said, “Step away f
ng it looked to him as though Professor Marchbanks would shortly be m
is or her telescope and, when Professor Marchbanks gave the word, pro
art he or she had been given. Professors Marchbanks and Tofty strolle
 had noticed what he had, but Professor Marchbanks came walking behin
king the light. He could feel Professor Marchbanks’s eyes on the back
 position an hour ago, but as Professor Marchbanks moved on he heard 
 direction of Hagrid’s cabin. Professor Tofty gave another dry little
— twenty minutes to go,” said Professor Tofty. Hermione jumped and re
ied Hermione. “My dear!” said Professor Tofty in a scandalized voice.
the lawn. “Now, really!” said Professor Tofty anxiously. “Only sixtee
im alone! Alone, I say!” said Professor McGonagall’s voice through th
gures around the cabin toward Professor McGonagall. Halfway between c
Galloping gargoyles!” shouted Professor Tofty, who seemed to have for
outhed into the grounds. Then Professor Tofty’s voice said feebly, “U
lls, really tough... But poor Professor McGonagall... Four Stunners s
side Hermione’s. “I just hope Professor McGonagall’s all right,” said
“Turn over your papers,” said Professor Marchbanks from the front of 
 hourglass on the desk beside Professor Marchbanks. He was sitting ri
ing, trying to pull away from Professor Tofty, who was looking at him
you’re doing?” “I need to see Professor McGonagall,” gasped Harry, th
e, but he had always expected Professor McGonagall to be there, irasc
into the wide, pallid face of Professor Umbridge, who had dragged him
t to force you. Draco — fetch Professor Snape.” Malfoy stowed Harry’s
f complete indifference. “Ah, Professor Snape,” said Umbridge, smilin
u are on probation!” shrieked Professor Umbridge, and Snape looked ba
door handle. “Padfoot?” cried Professor Umbridge, looking eagerly fro
ly. “No!” shrieked Hermione. “Professor Umbridge — it’s illegal” — bu
’t want you to break the law, Professor Umbridge!” cried Hermione. “W
ll, he was trying to speak to Professor Dumbledore...” Ron froze, his
 use against the Ministry? On Professor Dumbledore’s orders, of cours
ly. “We j-j-just did what P-P-Professor Dumbledore told us t-t-to do 
 you to set conditions,” said Professor Umbridge harshly. “Fine,” sai
oo, shall we? Get up, now —” “Professor,” said Malfoy eagerly, “Profe
 “You’ve told me this before, Professor,” said Harry bluntly. He did 
pe told me,” Harry muttered. “Professor Snape, Harry,” Dumbledore cor
anged Occlumency lessons with Professor Snape.” He paused. Harry watc
us had still not returned... “Professor Snape discovered,” Dumbledore
dore. “You see, when you gave Professor Snape that cryptic warning, h
in Dolores Umbridge’s office. Professor Snape found that Sirius was a
forest with Dolores Umbridge, Professor Snape grew worried that you s
ed to go to your aid at once. Professor Snape requested that Sirius r
y moment. In the meantime he, Professor Snape, intended to search the
sual —” “Harry, you know that Professor Snape had no choice but to pr
orest. It was he too who gave Professor Umbridge fake Veritaserum whe
ep for the healing. I thought Professor Snape could overcome his feel
dies...” The slowly revolving Professor Trelawney sank back into the 
en Fawkes had fallen silent. “Professor Dumbledore?” Harry said very 
ll six of them looked around. Professor Umbridge was lying in a bed o
ged from the trees supporting Professor Umbridge without so much as a
ldly around. “Anything wrong, Professor?” called Madam Pomfrey, pokin
y have to —” “Add some more?” Professor McGonagall had just stumped u
otherwise looked quite well. “Professor McGonagall!” said Snape, stri
of St. Mungo’s, I see!” “Yes, Professor Snape,” said Professor McGona
looking awkward. “Here,” said Professor McGonagall, thrusting her car
staircase. “Right then,” said Professor McGonagall, looking up at the
f You-Know-Who! What say you, Professor Snape?” “What?” snapped Snape
ttom, and Miss Granger,” said Professor McGonagall, and a shower of r
ten from Mr. Potter, I think, Professor Snape — so there we are...” A
on a glorious day like this,” Professor McGonagall continued briskly.
ever dreaded his return more. Professor Umbridge left Hogwarts the da
estrain their pupils. Indeed, Professor McGonagall sank back into her
 at the Dursleys as he said, “Professor — I’m ready now.” “Good,” sai
ideways at Dumbledore again. “Professor?” “Harry?” “Er — where exactl
 reassuringly in his pocket. “Professor, why couldn’t we just Apparat
inted with his injured hand. “Professor, what happened to your — ?” “
am, to check that I am indeed Professor Dumbledore and not an imposto
d — and they dragged him off, Professor?” Harry suggested, trying not
treat teachers these days —” “Professor Umbridge ran afoul of our cen
 or, as we must now call him, Professor Slughorn — but to put you on 
lessons with Snape, will I?” “Professor Snape, Harry — and no, you wi
hat means I won’t see much of Professor Snape from now on,” he said, 
ug between her hands. “Hello, Professor,” she said. “Wotcher, Harry.”
th our Head of House, I asked Professor McGonagall at the end of last
 in compartment C. Sincerely, Professor H. E. F. Slughorn “Who’s Prof
t himself with the dignity of Professor McGonagall, Head of Gryffindo
o see the Divination teacher, Professor Trelawney, sitting on Hagrid’
foy one-on-one … “So what did Professor Slughorn want?” Hermione aske
ew member of staff this year. Professor Slughorn” — Slughorn stood up
e at Harry. “But you said —” “Professor Snape, meanwhile,” said Dumbl
ned in their places, awaiting Professor McGonagall’s descent from the
ted than usual this year, for Professor McGonagall needed first to co
his round face was anxious as Professor McGonagall looked down his ap
“Herbology, fine,” she said. “Professor Sprout will be delighted to s
work.” Neville hung his head. Professor McGonagall peered at him thro
other wants.” “Hmph,” snorted Professor McGonagall. “It’s high time y
 pink and blinked confusedly; Professor McGonagall had never paid him
 Neville. “Take Charms,” said Professor McGonagall, “and I shall drop
ncredulity on Neville’s face, Professor McGonagall tapped a blank sch
 his new classes, to Neville. Professor McGonagall turned next to Par
 teaching Divination. “He and Professor Trelawney are dividing classe
between them this year,” said Professor McGonagall, a hint of disappr
 sixth year is being taken by Professor Trelawney.” Parvati set off f
. “So, Potter, Potter …” said Professor McGonagall, consulting her no
n ‘Outstanding’ in my O.W.L., Professor.” “And so you did when Profes
ape was teaching the subject. Professor Slughorn, however, is perfect
ents or anything —” “I’m sure Professor Slughorn will be able to lend
e’s no need to call me ‘sir,’ Professor.” The words had escaped him b
.E.W.T., you see —” “Ah, yes, Professor McGonagall did mention … not 
 hastily behind a statue when Professor Trelawney appeared around a c
 stern. “I have arranged with Professor Snape that you will do your d
re wearing it when we visited Professor Slughorn that night.” “So I w
arely understood half of what Professor McGonagall said to them these
 an’ I did wonder whether, if Professor Grubbly-Plank had bin teachin
rically and untruthfully that Professor Grubbly-Plank, who had substi
ard the Gryffindor table when Professor Slughorn appeared in front of
s look at him. “I can’t come, Professor,” said Harry at once. “I’ve g
got a message for you.” “From Professor Slughorn?” asked Harry, sitti
e three of them turned to see Professor Slughorn, who was wearing an 
 I’ve had Quidditch practice, Professor,” said Harry, who had indeed 
in this weather. …” “I can’t, Professor, I’ve got — er — an appointme
Harry looked up. Sure enough, Professor McGonagall was hurrying down 
said Harry. “Good lord,” said Professor McGonagall, looking alarmed a
aloft. “Take this necklace to Professor Snape at once, but be sure no
Harry and the others followed Professor McGonagall upstairs and into 
 fire crackling in the grate. Professor McGonagall closed the door an
ntrol her crying, Leanne told Professor McGonagall how Katie had gone
out of her. “All right,” said Professor McGonagall, not unkindly, “go
” When she had left the room, Professor McGonagall turned back to Har
gan to scream, and collapsed. Professor, can I see Professor Dumbledo
y until Monday, Potter,” said Professor McGonagall, looking surprised
ly. “Yes, Potter, away!” said Professor McGonagall tartly. “But anyth
plit second, Harry hesitated. Professor McGonagall did not invite con
foy gave Katie that necklace, Professor.” On one side of him, Ron rub
ous accusation, Potter,” said Professor McGonagall, after a shocked p
hen he had finished speaking, Professor McGonagall looked slightly co
 and Burkes for repair?” “No, Professor, he just wanted Borgin to tel
with a similar package?” “No, Professor, he told Borgin to keep it in
ince —” “That’s enough!” said Professor McGonagall, as Hermione opene
—” “— and what is more,” said Professor McGonagall, with an air of aw
 deflating. “How do you know, Professor?” “Because he was doing deten
d, perhaps instantly. Luckily Professor Snape was able to do enough t
 said Dumbledore quellingly. “Professor Snape knows much more about t
ber twelve, Grimmauld Place. “Professor,” said Harry, after a short p
al patient and visitor. “I am Professor Dumbledore.” “ ‘Professor’?” 
 “I have told you. My name is Professor Dumbledore and I work at a sc
where you’re from, isn’t it? ‘Professor,’ yes, of course — well, I’m 
“Then you will address me as ‘Professor’ or ‘sir.’ ” Riddle’s express
sorry, sir. I meant — please, Professor, could you show me — ?” Harry
 enough chat over here!” said Professor Sprout briskly, bustling over
 size of a grapefruit. “Okay, Professor, we’re starting now!” said Ro
t when they’re fresh!” called Professor Sprout. “Anyway,” said Hermio
, rebounding onto the back of Professor Sprout’s head and knocking of
y saying blithely to an irate Professor McGonagall, “Forgot to brake,
d down in her seat every time Professor McGonagall asked a question, 
arry’s face. “I was saying to Professor Slughorn only the other day, 
 way, realizing too late that Professor Trelawney was standing there 
Hello,” said Luna politely to Professor Trelawney. “Good evening, my 
d Luna. “Oh, of course,” said Professor Trelawney with an angry, drun
w I am returned to the school Professor Dumbledore might have got rid
ly, an insult. Do you know …” Professor Trelawney seemed too tipsy to
talking. “Harry Potter!” said Professor Trelawney in deep, vibrant to
ice, and Slughorn appeared at Professor Trelawney’s other side, his f
 toward them by Argus Filch. “Professor Slughorn,” wheezed Filch, his
f the Rotfang Conspiracy with Professor Trelawney, who seemed sincere
 squarely in the fireplace in Professor McGonagall’s office. She bare
much ash on the carpet.” “No, Professor.” Harry straightened his glas
d off the ceiling and knocked Professor Flitwick flat on his face. “H
lightly abashed Seamus, after Professor Flitwick had dried himself of
t’s about Malfoy and Snape.” “Professor Snape, Harry.” “Yes, sir. I o
epeated Harry incredulously. “Professor, did you understand — ?” “Yes
father. “Sir, is it true that Professor Merrythought is retiring?” he
Certainly,” said Dumbledore. “Professor Slughorn has meddled with his
 will be your job to persuade Professor Slughorn to divulge the real 
limency … or Veritaserum. …” “Professor Slughorn is an extremely able
tempt to wrest the truth from Professor Slughorn by force, and might 
as they assembled in front of Professors McGonagall, Snape, Flitwick,
et and pay attention!” barked Professor McGonagall. Everybody looked 
e crowd, past the place where Professor Flitwick was making squeaky a
ed to be near the front, past Professor Sprout, who was chivying the 
ut of the Hall accompanied by Professor McGonagall. Talk broke out at
sleep late on a Saturday. …” “Professor, I’m really sorry to disturb 
orn over. “It’s his birthday, Professor,” he added imploringly. “Oh, 
horn chuckled. “Thanks a lot, Professor.” “Don’t mention it, m’boy, d
 bulging from their sockets. “Professor!” Harry bellowed. “Do somethi
dinner till jus’ now an’ then Professor Sprout told me abou’ Ron! How
terbeer corks. … Beside Luna, Professor McGonagall was looking slight
s —” “It’s Cadwallader!” said Professor McGonagall loudly from beside
-forty to Hufflepuff!” barked Professor McGonagall into Luna’s megaph
is arm by the incurably inept Professor Lockhart. … That had been his
open from inside. There stood Professor Trelawney. “Aha!” she cried, 
 be said —” “Very well,” said Professor Trelawney, in a deeply wounde
les full of swirling memory. “Professor Trelawney still isn’t happy F
had asked him to extract from Professor Slughorn. “Well, I asked Prof
tion by mistake I took him to Professor Slughorn. I thought maybe if 
 stand it no longer he said, “Professor Dumbledore, I’m really sorry.
warts and he asked … he asked Professor Slughorn about Horcruxes,” he
I know that several teachers, Professor Slughorn amongst them, sugges
ut Voldemort first approached Professor Dippet and asked whether he c
h he confided none of them to Professor Dippet,” said Dumbledore. “Fi
s he had gained the idea from Professor Slughorn, the teacher with wh
e job, sir?” “No, he did not. Professor Dippet told him that he was t
reasons I have given you, for Professor Dippet was very fond of Volde
 taught at the time by an old Professor by the name of Galatea Merryt
 until you manage to retrieve Professor Slughorn’s memory for us. Ten
 while, “later, perhaps, than Professor Dippet expected … but I have 
ve retrieved that memory from Professor Slughorn,” said Dumbledore. “
ed away as fast as he could. “Professor — Professor, don’t you want t
altogether surprised, to find Professor Slughorn in conversation with
t.” “Oh, I quite agree,” said Professor Sprout warmly. “That enough f
 you, and many thanks again!” Professor Sprout headed off into the ga
th a flourish. “Good evening, Professor.” “Merlin’s beard, Harry, you
 … But you won’t tell anyone, Professor? I don’t want trouble for him
“well, if you wanted to come, Professor, Hagrid would probably be rea
 was the right thing to do), “Professor Slughorn met me coming down h
ed. “Be brave like my mother, Professor. …” Slughorn raised a pudgy h
 Harry. “Thank you very much, Professor.” “You’re a good boy,” said P
” said a voice behind Harry. “Professor Dumbledore returned to the sc
 asked, “Sir, is it true that Professor Merrythought is retiring?” “T
The point of a Horcrux is, as Professor Slughorn explained, to keep p
own prodigious skill, and for Professor Snape’s timely action when I 
e a grave error, and acted on Professor Trelawney’s words! If Voldemo
n. “Now, now, boys,” squeaked Professor Flitwick reproachfully. “A li
d. “Yes … for homework,” said Professor Flitwick, reemerging from und
ione having dashed off to see Professor Vector about a mistake she th
ant minutes in the company of Professor McGonagall, who had told him 
 will not use magic.” “Right, Professor,” said Harry, with as much co
round another corner, and saw Professor Trelawney sprawled upon the f
ying beside her, one broken. “Professor —” Harry hurried forward and 
 helping arm. “What happened, Professor?” “You may well ask!” she sai
 stone wall that concealed — “Professor, were you trying to get into 
ere hurt. …” “I — well,” said Professor Trelawney, drawing her shawls
Oh, I got in all right,” said Professor Trelawney, glaring at the wal
here?” “I have no idea,” said Professor Trelawney, looking slightly t
it was saying anything,” said Professor Trelawney. “It was … whooping
hazard a guess at male,” said Professor Trelawney. “And it sounded ha
trated. “The Inner Eye,” said Professor Trelawney with dignity, strai
y hastily; he had heard about Professor Trelawney’s Inner Eye all too
y. “I think you’d better tell Professor Dumbledore,” said Harry. “He 
f the room.” To his surprise, Professor Trelawney drew herself up at 
 the room. …” “You think so?” Professor Trelawney seemed to consider 
Oh, well, in that case,” said Professor Trelawney with a smile. She b
d loathed being the Object of Professor Trelawney’s continual predict
iew with Dumbledore,” went on Professor Trelawney, in throaty tones. 
 knew what had happened then: Professor Trelawney had made the prophe
Harry just now. “Harry?” said Professor Trelawney again. “Harry — I t
nto Dumbledore’s lined face. “Professor Snape made a terrible —” “Don
nodded curtly, then went on. “Professor Snape made a terrible mistake
ht he heard the first half of Professor Trelawney’s prophecy. Natural
derous quest were people that Professor Snape knew, that they were yo
 Sirius! Haven’t you noticed, Professor, how the people Snape hates t
u have no idea of the remorse Professor Snape felt when he realized h
nape’s on his side, even now? Professor … how can you be sure Snape’s
ed into fists as he said it. “Professor Trelawney was just in the Roo
nk when they see you leaving, Professor?” Harry asked, his mind on Ma
ng dangerous or frightening. “Professor,” said Harry quietly, as the 
 not. So crude.” “What is it, Professor?” “I rather think,” said Dumb
forearm of his injured hand. “Professor!” protested Harry, hurrying f
lence oppressive, unnerving. “Professor?” he said finally. “Do you th
 of them. Shall we walk on?” “Professor?” “Yes, Harry?” “Do you think
ng inches below the surface. “Professor!” he said, and his startled v
and hours ago that he had met Professor Trelawney, that he had given 
at his fingertips were numb. “Professor?” he said anxiously, as Dumbl
closed, his breathing heavy. “Professor Dumbledore?” said Harry, his 
stal cup, holding it steady. “Professor, can you hear me?” he repeate
edore. “You … you can’t stop, Professor,” said Harry. “You’ve got to 
et me go. …” “It’s all right, Professor,” said Harry, his hand shakin
 want to. …” “It’s all right, Professor, it’s all right!” said Harry 
n …” “This will make it stop, Professor,” Harry said, his voice crack
l do anything …” “Just drink, Professor, just drink …” Dumbledore dra
e basin. “We’re nearly there, Professor. Drink this, drink it. …” He 
 I want to die!” “Drink this, Professor. Drink this. …” Dumbledore dr
it upper windows. “We did it, Professor!” Harry whispered with diffic
o,” said Dumbledore. “It is … Professor Snape whom I need. … But I do
Has someone definitely been — Professor?” In the dim green glow from 
oy demanded. “I tried, Draco. Professor Snape has been keeping watch 
o. It so happens that I trust Professor Snape —” “Well, you’re losing
fell out of sight behind Ron, Professor McGonagall, and Lupin, each o
 Snape — “Take that!” shouted Professor McGonagall, and Harry glimpse
n the ground. …” “Neville and Professor Flitwick are both hurt, but M
ospital door opened again and Professor McGonagall entered the ward. 
rding to Hagrid you were with Professor Dumbledore when he — when it 
for trusting Snape,” muttered Professor McGonagall, now dabbing at th
 “This is all my fault,” said Professor McGonagall suddenly. She look
xactly how it happened,” said Professor McGonagall distractedly. “It’
… It was nearly midnight when Professor Flitwick came sprinting down 
igh-pitched whisper. “He said Professor Flitwick had collapsed and th
ffice to see if we could help Professor Flitwick and found him uncons
fied. “Molly — Arthur —” said Professor McGonagall, jumping up and hu
ed Mrs. Weasley, darting past Professor McGonagall as she caught sigh
acked him?” Mr. Weasley asked Professor McGonagall distractedly. “But
l?” “We don’t yet know,” said Professor McGonagall, looking helplessl
t true … Is he really … ?” As Professor McGonagall nodded, Harry felt
more love in the world,” said Professor McGonagall curtly, just as th
s hand. “I’ve … I’ve done it, Professor,” he choked. “M-moved him. Pr
t’s got the kids back in bed. Professor Flitwick’s lyin’ down, but he
 be all righ’ in a jiffy, an’ Professor Slughorn says the Ministry’s 
d.” “Thank you, Hagrid,” said Professor McGonagall, standing up at on
ione, and Ginny, and followed Professor McGonagall back down the ward
hat they were not heading for Professor McGonagall’s office, but for 
ancing once at this portrait, Professor McGonagall made an odd moveme
uld like to know what you and Professor Dumbledore were doing this ev
ool.” “I can’t tell you that, Professor,” said Harry. He had expected
 it might be important,” said Professor McGonagall. “It is,” said Har
dn’t want me to tell anyone.” Professor McGonagall glared at him. “Po
is surname — “in the light of Professor Dumbledore’s death, I think y
 so,” said Harry, shrugging. “Professor Dumbledore never told me to s
oned mead —” “Rosmerta?” said Professor McGonagall incredulously, but
k on the door behind them and Professors Sprout, Flitwick, and Slugho
.” “Thank you, Everard,” said Professor McGonagall, and she turned qu
 school to remain open,” said Professor Sprout. “I feel that if a sin
nly natural.” “I agree,” said Professor McGonagall. “And in any case,
 school — and I must say that Professor Dumbledore’s murder is more d
 consult the governors,” said Professor Flitwick in his squeaky littl
 haven’t said anything,” said Professor McGonagall. “What are your vi
d eyes and croaked, “I dunno, Professor … that’s fer the Heads of Hou
e headmistress ter decide …” “Professor Dumbledore always valued your
as silence. “Very well,” said Professor McGonagall, glancing out of t
eaking at last. “Well …” said Professor McGonagall, losing a little o
 thinks it appropriate,” said Professor McGonagall. “No other headmas
’s final resting place,” said Professor Flitwick. “Absolutely,” said 
ord caught in his throat, but Professor Sprout completed the sentence
d-bye.” “Well said,” squeaked Professor Flitwick. “Well said indeed! 
fterward.” “Seconded,” barked Professor Sprout. “I suppose … yes …” s
f assent. “He’s coming,” said Professor McGonagall suddenly, gazing d
a delegation …” “Can I leave, Professor?” said Harry at once. He had 
eour tonight. “You may,” said Professor McGonagall. “And quickly.” Sh
nd no one seemed very hungry. Professor McGonagall had left the thron
nudge in the ribs from Ginny. Professor McGonagall had risen to her f
ith silver. He had never seen Professor Sprout, Head of the Hufflepuf
sed his face as they followed Professor McGonagall in silence to the 
gnified in the front row with Professor McGonagall. He wondered wheth
pointed teeth cackled. “Yes … Professor Burbage taught the children o
Wizarding children, last week Professor Burbage wrote an impassioned 
ng of the purebloods is, says Professor Burbage, a most desirable cir
’t believe the Muggle Studies professor at Hogwarts resigned. She has
y. “I didn’t realize you knew Professor Dumbledore so well.” “As well
on, “Rita Skeeter hinted that Professor Dumbledore was involved in th
Defense Against the Dark Arts professor. “ ‘ I welcome the opportunit
ellus?” said Hermione again. “Professor Black? Please could we talk t
are you — ?” “I’m very sorry, Professor Black,” said Hermione, “but i
sn’t Snape’s.” “It belongs to Professor Snape’s school,” said Phineas
Luna?” asked Harry urgently. “Professor Snape sent them into the Forb
hat we really wanted to know, Professor Black, is whether anyone else
on?” asked Phineas Nigellus. “Professor Dumbledore’s portrait — could
attempts to leave his frame. “Professor Black,” said Hermione, “could
indor leave its case was when Professor Dumbledore used it to break o
 head back into the picture. “Professor Snape has more important thin
previously, when he had asked Professor McGonagall whether he could g
d, closing the book, “because Professor Bagshot doesn’t cover anythin
y!” And what ideas they were. Profoundly shocking though Albus Du
rd who’s boasting about them. Professor Binns mentioned some of them,
ing and despised him for it. “Professor Dumbledore cared about Harry,
Cho, and Harry’s heart sank. “Professor Flitwick says the diadem vani
May I ask what you are doing, Professor Carrow?” “Trying — to get — t
 your sister in there?” asked Professor McGonagall. “Didn’t Professor
tainly, if you wish it,” said Professor McGonagall, with awful coldne
 to say, everything,” replied Professor McGonagall. “Nicely phrased,”
!” “She’s only Stunned,” said Professor McGonagall impatiently, who h
otter!” “ ‘Got Potter’?” said Professor McGonagall sharply. “What do 
 Carrow. “I dunno why, do I?” Professor McGonagall stood up and her b
 courage and cowardice,” said Professor McGonagall, who had turned pa
l he was offensively close to Professor McGonagall, his face within i
mean it.” “Potter!” whispered Professor McGonagall, clutching her hea
ehow her panic steadied him. “Professor McGonagall, Voldemort’s on th
nd outlaw seemed to overwhelm Professor McGonagall, who staggered bac
 … “You must flee,” whispered Professor McGonagall. “Now, Potter, as 
ere’s something I need to do. Professor, do you know where the diadem
e —” “I had to,” said Harry. “Professor, there’s something hidden her
em — if I could just speak to Professor Flitwick —” There was a sound
fore Harry or Luna could act, Professor McGonagall rose to her feet, 
, then shuffled obediently to Professor McGonagall and handed it over
n on the floor beside Alecto. Professor McGonagall waved her wand aga
htly together. “Potter,” said Professor McGonagall, turning to face h
, Voldemort’s getting nearer. Professor, I’m acting on Dumbledore’s o
possible?” “I think so,” said Professor McGonagall dryly, “we teacher
ng will have to be done about Professor Snape —” “Let me —” “— and if
dreds of students —” “I know, Professor, but if Voldemort and the Dea
ircase with silvery light, as Professor McGonagall, Harry, and Luna h
one the Patronuses left them; Professor McGonagall’s tartan dressing 
 be, I expect, Severus,” said Professor McGonagall. Snape stepped nea
er, and his eyes flitted over Professor McGonagall into the air aroun
 an intruder.” “Really?” said Professor McGonagall. “And what gave yo
in. “Oh, but naturally,” said Professor McGonagall. “You Death Eaters
 I heard a disturbance,” said Professor McGonagall. “Really? But all 
if you have, I must insist —” Professor McGonagall moved faster than 
from flying spells, Harry saw Professors Flitwick and Sprout sprintin
ghtclothes, with the enormous Professor Slughorn panting along at the
 the deserted classroom where Professors McGonagall, Flitwick, and Sp
hed window. “He jumped,” said Professor McGonagall as Harry and Luna 
s taking a short break,” said Professor McGonagall, pointing at the S
e-shaped hole in the window. “Professor!” Harry shouted, his hands at
t with murder in his heart — “Professor, we’ve got to barricade the s
But we can hold him up,” said Professor Sprout. “Thank you, Pomona,” 
n the chance.” “Agreed,” said Professor Sprout, already hurrying towa
f the wind into the grounds. “Professor,” Harry said, approaching the
the Great Hall, Filius!” said Professor McGonagall, beckoning to Harr
n twenty minutes, also,” said Professor McGonagall. “If you wish to l
n its loyalties,” interrupted Professor McGonagall. “Go and wake your
lutter: He and Luna ran after Professor McGonagall, who had taken up 
nce!” Filch evidently thought Professor McGonagall had taken leave of
— Piertotum Locomotor!” cried Professor McGonagall. And all along the
warts is threatened!” shouted Professor McGonagall. “Man the boundari
ving and dead, was fixed upon Professor McGonagall, who was speaking 
e of age, you may stay,” said Professor McGonagall. “What about our t
to collect possessions,” said Professor McGonagall. “The important th
out of here safely.” “Where’s Professor Snape?” shouted a girl from t
phrase, done a bunk,” replied Professor McGonagall, and a great cheer
rotection around the castle,” Professor McGonagall was saying, “but i
nk you, Miss Parkinson,” said Professor McGonagall in a clipped voice
Ravenclaws, follow on!” cried Professor McGonagall. Slowly the four t
in their seats, necessitating Professor McGonagall’s descent from the
and the Order of the Phoenix. Professors Flitwick, Sprout, and McGona
p the troops!” “Potter,” said Professor McGonagall, hurrying up to hi
discovered — He was roused by Professor Sprout, who was thundering pa
st, shepherded by a sprinting Professor McGonagall. She appeared not 
move. “I have more!” shrieked Professor Trelawney from over the banis
 there, I’ll be able to go to Professor Dumbledore and persuade him t
, lined with rapt faces. Then Professor McGonagall said, “Evans, Lily
 down upon the rickety stool. Professor McGonagall dropped the Sortin
ff the hat, handed it back to Professor McGonagall, then hurried towa
udents remained to be sorted, Professor McGonagall called Snape. Harr
der the chair. “What is that, Professor?” “Something that is beyond e
ever expected or dreamed that Professor McGonagall could make such a 
ged him. “Mum! I can’t give a professor love!” “But you know Neville 
ide, yeah, but at school he’s Professor Longbottom, isn’t he? I can’t
